A deer head is mounted horizontally next to a painting
Some green grass is seen in the lower right corner next to a sculpture of some birds above flowers.
There is a fossil structure with a head, two arms, and a long spine.
the transition image into the one of the lady in blue from the one where bags where hang up
Two girls are clearly shown, and the girl toward the center of the image has both hands pointing leftward with fingers spread.
Two girls are shown. The girl in brown is turned more toward the girl in blue. The girl in blue is looking straight ahead.
There is a grey monument wall that is located between the black girl and the girl in the middle. The black girl is facing to the left.
There is a man in a white shirt and black pants to the left of the girls. He is the only person behind them that is completely visible. He is not touching the edge of the frame.
You can see the woman on the far right's face really well.
The person with the white shirt  over her butt is really bent over far with her hands at her back.
The woman on the right has her mouth wide open and her eyes wide.
A white object that has a lot of rust on it.  There is a pipe sticking out of the top of the white object and another larger pipe that is just seen at the top of the image.
Three pieces of hardware sitting on the edge of a sink.  The piece on the right is all black.
Single sink with a white stopper on the right top. The inside of the sink is brown and gross around the drain.
The white rolling pin is centered on the yellow item, and it isn't badly double exposed.
There is an equal amount of yellow and white between both hands
You only see the spoon right above the salad. You can see a very small blur of one finger. The mixing haven't started.
small particles of something is sprinkle on the food inside the bowl, no finger is visible
The spoon is at the top right corner, it is not moving any of the food.
The person sitting down in the background in a chair has their hands behind their head.  There is a person with a blue Hawaiian shirt on the right side of the picture.
Just the first letter in the text at the bottom has completely faded away.
Half of the 2nd word of the text is faded and can't be read.
She is holding the fur up and two painted fingernails are visible.
A person in color writing at a desk with a blue pen.
A picture in black and white of a laptop computer with a cat on the right side of the image.
The small notebook is opened with a pen and a pair of glasses on top.
A woman has her tongue between her teeth which covers most of her top teeth.
A singer is facing and pointing towards the right hand side of the picture.
She has a pink stripe in her braided hair, and is holding a green bowl.
the first two letters of the third word have the left hand in the background of them
Hands are stretching out a piece of fur. Gold nail polish on the right thumb is visible, and the tip of that thumb is cut off. The bulk of the fur is visible hanging down on the right side.
The gray object is not touching any of the text on the bottom.  The woman's left hand is behind the first two words of text.
The car front and back cannot be seen.  The front wheel has two orange spots and the back wheel has one.
You can just barely see the front corner of the white van that was next to the black car.
The woman has just emerged from her face being blocked by a camera stand in teh background as she is escorted by a man with an umbrella
The flowers the woman in the teal strapless dress is carrying are completely obscured by the man in the black shirt’s head.
The picture is well lit and bright.  Only one fingernail on a finger can be seen in the upper right corner.  The image is not blurry.
A woman with a white background smiles at the camera. Most of her body is visible. She is wearing a black outfit.
The woman is laying on her stomach on a stone fence in front of a tree branch.
A woman is seen with her right hand on her left shoulder.  The right hand is holding a pen.  There is half a man's face on the far right side of the image.
a ladybug perches at the top of a thin plant with leaves at the top
A ladybug on the rightmost branch.  The branches make an X above the ladybug.
The ladybug is climbing up the side of a vertical green stalk.
The woman is close to the dog.  The dog is facing down the stairs with its tail up high and pointed to the top left.
You can no longer see the person's head with the blue shirt on at the bottom of the stairs.  The dog has two legs on a back stair and the rest of the dog's body is angled strangely to the right.
A boy is walking into a room full of people.  On the far left is a girl in the foreground wearing a red scrunchie that you can just barely see on the far left side of the image.
A group of dancers on the dance floor.  The girl in the autumn dress is facing the blonde boy in blue.
A child's hand is holding a large frog that's mostly green on top with a white and brownish speckled belly. It looks like a swimming pool in the background.
Two images are blended, with the dominant image being a hand slicing something with a vegetable slicer. The slicer on the table is very faded.
The cucumber is just to be cut into, you can see a transparent image covering the image
A man is cutting the cucumber closest to his pointer finger and you cannot see his nails.
There's a row of little goats poking their heads out of a wire fence. Someone on the left is feeding them out of a plastic cup.
An extreme closeup of a brown goat looking to the right. The goat has a black stripe going down it's face.
Several goats looking through a wooden fence.  There is some yellow in the top left side of the image.
A woman with black hair is about to hit a tennis ball with her black red and yellow racket.
A woman in a black outsfit with writing on it is jumping up and hitting a tennis ball with a racket in her left hand. There is a bush with no leaves on the left side of the image.
Two people standing side by side fishing.  The man on the left has jerked his whole body around so that you can now see text on his shirt.
You can just start to see the teeth of the woman coming in from the right. You can only see one eye clearly.
You can now see the entire mouth and both eyes of the woman but her left eye is just cut off on the right side of the image.
The girl's left eye and mouth is visible but half of her left cheek is cut off.
no bridesmaid is visible at all.
The woman on the far left is looking forward. The woman on the far right behind the man on the right is looking right. Most of the crowd look back at a woman in blue behind a pillar.
The cloud on top left side of box only has half of it showing.
The numbers at the end of the text are in an upside down U shape.
Two street signs are slightly to the right of the center of the image.  You can see half of the bridge path.
There is the slightest of openings to see the end of the bridge through the obstruction.
The text at the top right and bottom right of the toy box is right at the edge.
The man is facing left with both feet slightly back and no gap visible between the legs. The background is orange. The woman's face is pointed to the left.
There is a man and woman dancing, with another couple off to the left. The man's back is facing the camera and there appears to be something white hanging from his back pocket.
There two sets of same images diagonally placed. The top left corner's person's lips and nose are visible as they lay there.
The woman in the black shirt is seen twice.  Her mouth in the upper picture is cover by the text.
The girl in black is in the middle top side of the picture. The lady lying down on the top right has her head right under the text. The head does not pass the boundary of this text box.
Her right arm is pulled back in a fist past her hair.
The girl's left arm is extended somewhat and the bow is outstretched as well.  Her right hand is starting to block some of her body.
The girl is looking very sad at the bow. The bow is pointed to the left and almost towards the camera.
There is a woman on the very right side of the door. Her face is fully in view.
the lady on the right can be seen but her face is not visible but you can see her neck
A splayed left hand firmly touches the white back of the horse.
The losing wrestler is directly in front of the referee and has his right hand outstretched toward the referee.
The two wrestlers are shaking hands.
The image is blurred and it looks like two piles of ribs are being set on a plate.
the picture is in focus and his arms are behind his back
The tray that the bowl is going to be put in can just barely be noticed in the background.
There is a large pan that fills up the photo. A piece of aluminum foil is visible at the top right. You can just barely see the image of a hand at the bottom right.
None of the duck's hat is visible and the two characters are walking down stairs.
Goofy's hand is straight up in the air and he's making a fist while riding a smiling horrse.
The object he's trying to catch is at the top of the frame
The hamster right leg is the touching the finger holding it down.
The phone is almost turned flat but you can just barely see red and green colors still on the front screen.
The thumbs appear to be touching on the two hands.
The phone is mostly the side view, and the camera is barely visible. No screen is visible.
A duck swimming to the right side of the image.  It has a blue head and you can see one of its orange legs above the water. There is a reflection of something in the water in the upper left corner of the image.
A duck with its bill pointed to the lower left corner of the image. Its mouth is closed.
A duck floating on a black oil like water.  There is no rays of sunlight.
The man's hands are fully visible but blurry
The man is holding both hands up in front of him and the right one nearly touches his chin.
Two people sleeping. One on the couch, and a child face down wearing sparkly red shorts.
A girl with pink pants and a white shirt sitting on a large dark green chair.
A small child laying down under a white and red comforter.  The red are flowers.
The finger of the hand are close together and above a piles of leaves. The thumb is close to the index finger.
This is a side shot of the cake with only the top right corner not cake.
a player in black with orange cleats is on the right.  the ball is in the air nearly halfway across the image.
The team in blue and gold and the team in maroon and white are lined up facing each other. They are moving towards each other but only the middle player on each team has made contact. No other players are touching players from the other team.
A man is looking out of a window.  You can see a hand appear on the far left of the screen next to a red object that is hanging.
You can first see a second man's face on the left side of the screen next to a red hanging object.
The man is looking forward but hunching his shoulders. The white frame cuts off most of his right eye.
The small girl in front is looking directly to the right with her right hand on the side of her face.
Swimmer is completely vertical. Horizontal swimmer is barely visible.
The water the person is in is quite dark. There is an image of them swimming horizontally layered on them but is not as in focus as them standing vertically. Their legs, not covered by the swimsuit, is almost covered from view..
The speaker is holding the microphone to his mouth with his left hand and his right hand is extended to the left.
A man with glasses looks to the left. He has a hand cupped around his chest area. His legs are not really visible and mouth looks a little pouty.
It is a man in a sport jacket with no tie looking to the left with a gray laptop also to the left.
The top of the red object is right at the top of the picture.  Half of the 2nd letter on the right is seen while the other part is submerged.
The dog's tail is straight out and just coming off the top edge of the picture.  Only one finger of the man is seen.
both hands seems straight on the meat, while the right hand is looking more flat placed on top of the meat and clearly visible
A yellow 3 way traffic light with a green arrow on the side facing closest to the camera
A stoplight that is green that is on a green pole.
A stoplight that is very faintly green.  There are some very wispy clouds behind it with the biggest one above and to the right of the stoplight.
The ball has just left the hands of the person with the red jersey.
The ball is in the air and is above and to the left of the clock on top of the backboard.  There is no blur in the ball
The ball is high in the air with only black behind it. The number on the red jersey is not legible at all.
The woman has mostly straightened posture as she faces the boy in blue with her mouth open
Bright shot of a girl and boy standing up straight. Her eyes are closed.
The shot of a woman talking to a man in a blue shirt is starting to get really dark but you can clearly see them.
The ski lift going in the opposite direction as the man has just completely disappeared from view.
There is a red object in the lower right corner of the image.  It is the largest piece of red you can see.
There is a bright light on the man's face and clothes. The hand rail is still visible.
There are two men with beanies on the right of the image, one is wearing glasses with his nose not visible and the other is looking down with white text on his face.
3 men surround a table with weaponry on it
Olive oil bottle is seen but no label is clearly visible.
The tip of the right shoe is fully visible with a small bit of space between the tip and the top of the picture.
Only three small black marks of the logo can be seen on the player's left sock.
There is some overlay with a man in the center left of the shot.  You can still barely read the letters below and to the left of him.
A drummer with sunglasses on.  Both drumsticks are up and off of the drums. He is not wearing a hat.
A drummer with his eyes closed and mouth open.  His drums are blue.
There is a drummer bathed in red light.
The cheese covered tomato sits below the person's 3 fingers which appear to grasp the lettuce behind it.
One leaf behind the cheese with the hand obscuring almost all of it. Can see a little of the cheese between his index and middle finger
The headlight on the blue car to the left is not yet visible.
If it wasn't a bit blurry you would be able to first read the middle car's license plate for the first time.
You can fully see the left front headlight of the car on the left and just start to see the right front headlight of the car on the right.
The woman's head rests on her hand and her eyes are mid-blink, almost entirely closed
Her right thumb appears to pull at some lower strands of hair, pulling very slightly outward.
Girl has her mouth open but no teeth showing and index finger up and thumb
The ball is in front of the net in the center. The yellow players left hand is below the table.
The ping pong ball is on the near side of the table in front of the net.  The ball is blurry from the movement.
The person in yellow has his left arm and paddle way up high over his head and to the left of his body.
Horse is on left side facing the right and looking straight ahead. Can only see the man's legs behind the horse while upper body is obstructed
a horse stretches his head upwards so that his head is parallel to the wood behind him
only the front half of the car is clearly visible
A parrot is curled up tigthly around a pen, with its head covering the middle portion of the pen
There is a bird laying flat on his back with a pen in his beak
Can see both people's legs. Girl with mouth open looking in direction of dashbaord
the lady can be seen holding her hands, with her head looking straight and her mouth wide open while part of her hair is covering her left face.
You can see a golden object at the very top center of the picture.  You can't see the entire golden object.
There is a long pink runway going down and to the right. No one is visible in front of it. There are two groups of people visible to the right of it.
A bald man's head covers a  lot of the crowd and signs in the background.
the man in yellow shirt can be seen to the right edge of the image
The croutons are in the tongs directly above the center of the salad about to be put into it
the picker is in the middle, away from the plate slightly but its not carrying nothing , fings not visible but skin can be seen far left bottom
Only the middle 2 of the four breadsticks are visible fully, and they are angled down and to the left on a metal rack
two bread loafs and right one has a slice.
Loaves of long rustic bread piled onto a shallow stoneware or ceramic circular dish. The dish is on a wood surface.
The white substance has not been poured yet and the index finger is prominent.
The white sauce is being poured from the small white bowl
The person's hand is holding a white container almost directly above the white sauce in the middle.
A sandwich on a white paper plate.  There is a full bowl of chili behind and to the left of the sandwich.
A single uncut long sandwich sub on a plate with white coleslaw. On the left is a wooden cutting board.
The red dog's head is just starting to get cut off on the far right  of the image.
A smiling boy just begins to look towards the dog
the costum guy has his face mostly up and forward and you can see a characters eye on the hanging item behidn the kid
The mouse is looking in the camera.
You can just barely see the yellow exclamation point on the poster on the wall and no other yellow text.
The girl has her right hand up in her hair and her other hand is pointed towards the poster on the wall slightly above waist level.
The men in the background are shown from the waist down. The bottom left corner is a larger black shape.
There neck of the girl in orange is right against the right side, there is no space between her neck and the edge.
There is a lot of sunlight shining on the far back of the truck but not on the front.
The entire vehicle is in shadows. The light is just behind the vehicle, so it just got into the shadows.
The woman on the white sign to the left has everything from her forehead up off frame
There is blurry text at the very bottom of the screen. Only one human head is visible, the heads in the photos in the upper corners are cut off by the upper edge .
Woman holds her hands out, making her forearms almost parallel to floor.
The man is standing straight forwards and his hand is on the left of his chest.
The woman's head in green on the right can't be seen.  Her arm is seen at a 90 degree angle but no fingers are seen.
Arm at right is tightly bent at the elbow, and none of this person's body is visible.
Close up of a tray with different colors. There is a hand to the right side, the thumb is at the bottom of the screen and the pointer finger is at the top.
You can see most of the circles of paint very clearly but the ones at the bottom are cut off. There are no fingers or legs seen.
The tip of the person's ring finger who the dog is biting is just off the bottom edge of the image. The middle finger is still entirely seen.
The puppy's paw is on the hand and is chewing on the index finger. The pup is directly facing the camera and a tiny bit of his right eye is obscured by his paw. You can still see the shine mark in that eye.
Three of the larger balls are touching each other but are all still on the ground.
The player in green has his left arm in the air as he is falling
The two players at left have their butts very close together but not touching or overlapping..
The man in green has his knees on the ground and is leaning back.  His left hand has just touched the ground.
Beef chunks are beginning to just overhang (One is) the white plate before being placed into the ban of grease.
Meat browning in the pan being stirred with a utensil
The women's right arm is bent at her side at a 90 degree angle.
The woman's closer arm is straight down and the back arm is hidden behind her.
There is just a tiny gap between the back of the girl on the left and the edge of the frame.
A person can be seen running to get into a red vehicle.  Four small yellow rectangular lights are seen on the top of the red truck.
A person is running to get into a red truck. The front part of its head is being blocked by some kind of dark pole between it and the camera.
The characters head is right beside the side mirror of the bus, there are not any plant leaves between the head and the mirror.
The young girl is at the right edge of the picture, facing right, with arms slightly extended and cut off just below the elbow.
There are two green blurs and one purple blur that is almost cut off on the right side.
A top view of a purple plant with three green leaves in the upper left corner of a flower pot with rocks.
Purple succulent in orange pot with two other green succulents seen in same pot
lone plant in a rock pot, mostly purple, top of the plant facing straight at the camera
The pencil is pointed at the girl's eye
Picture where girl is touching her eye with her middle and ring fingers
The person is holding the meat mostly flat, but with a bit of a fold between the hands. Only two fingers of the right hand are visible.
The meat is right above the pan, the left thumb is holding the meaty part and the right thumb is holding the bottom fatty part
There's a white pole between the left most kid and the two to his right. There is no yellow pole visible.
The blue youth player is on the right of the pole shadow on the ground, not touching the shadow.  The people on the bench at the top right are not visible.
There is a black fence that is seen in the upper right corner of the image.  Only one person can be seen behind that fence.
On the top left side there is a game map. It is half over a brown area on the white wall.
The tip of his nose is overlapping the toy and his mouth is open.
The boy's head is tipped so that you can barely see his right eye.  His mouth is closed.   The green object is touching his nose.
The little boy has brought the green object away from his mouth and part of it is off the bottom part of the image.
One brown shoe with white sole.
You can see the bottom of the shoe with a lace wrapped around it.
A two shades of brown woven sandle with a black base
Both of the eyes of the dog in the pool are not seen.
A dog lies on the floor with the tips of his back legs off frame and his nose showing
The top part of the tail is cut of at the top of the picture but you can still see the bottom half of the tail.
The woman on the right is standing pretty straight up and her left arm is bent at a 90 degree angle.
Girl with blue hat has left fist just above hat, not overlapping, right fist can be seen as well
The right hand is covering up the bottom part of the cartoon character's nose.
A blurry hand working on the top right of the picture.
The knuckles of the right hand of the person are covering up most of the eyes of the cartoon character.
A blurred hand is positioned about a little less than halfway in front of a metal tool above a bowl.
A right forearm holding a food item, over a bowl on a grater
The person holds the lemon over the grater. The grater's little pieces are reflecting the light and has a visible light coming off of each one.
The right exhaust can't be seen for the first time in the image.  You can start to see a brick object on the upper left corner of the image.
Only the top third of the bottom white bowl can be seen
The empty silver bowl is centered, and just a tiny edge of the bowl below it can be seen.
There is a hand directly over a silver bowl.
A spoon is mixing in a bowl. You can see a woman's pointer finger and thumb.
A glass measuring cup is being lifted towards a mixing bowel. The words on the side of the measuring cup are facing away and can only be read backwards
There is a white bowl of soup and greens with a hand barely visible in the right corner.
Spoon is being inserted into a small bowl.
The image is slightly double-exposed, so the central woman appears to have a big pale nose.
The men stand facing close to each other, at the most equal and similar heights.
The man inside the gym has dunked with his legs straight and the eagle behind him is visible.
A person completely a slam dunk in a gym and ball is headed back to the ground.
The man is shooting a three pointer and his feet are still on the ground.
Two old-time comic strips, one on top of the other. The comics are black and white paper has a brown tint.The top comic has a body builder.
A cartoon of a boy in blue in front of a white building.
A comic with three panels.  The top panel is taking up the upper 2/3 of the page.
On the top left there is shrimp and salmon while on the right there is tuna and in the front is sushi with a rice exterior.
6 smaller pieces of rice wrapped in vegetables are in the bottom left corner of a dish with meat on it
A roll is cut into six pieces on the left of the plate, and six pieces of sushi are next to it.
The man is pretty much centered in the picture, there is white writing at the bottom right. His head is covering most of the silver pole behind him but it's still visible to the left of his cheek.
There is text at the bottom of the screen.  The man looking off to the left and the first 6 letters of the second word of text are over top of the man's neck.
The man is looking to the left, his head is covering the entire vertical metal bar behind him.
There is only one row of green writing visible on the box above the box the boy is holding. The two boxes are perfectly lined up.
Three people are seen in the image.  There is a third person who has appeared in the upper left corner of the image.
Only the front part of the rim of the cap worn by the child on the left is visible
A boy is holding onto a toy and looking at it. Another boy is also looking at it and only the rim of his hat is visible.
a blueish grey outstretched hand
A face with the eye on the right side (which is the face's left eye) is much higher than the other.
The boy with the striped shirt is sort of facing the camera.  You can see the right side of his face and he is starting to rise up.  You can see the top 1/4 of the ball.
The woman's forehead and hair on the left is now cut off on the top of the image.  Her right eye is just still barely visible.
The standing woman is cut off above the tip of her nose. You can see her mouth, but not her eyes.
The girl closest to the camera, her face and right arm/hand are not visible at all. She is turned more toward the camera.
The big elephant is at left and the small one at right, each facing outward with trunk down and visible.
A baby elephant is walking behind the adult elephant. The baby elephant is facing the back wall.
one elephant facing left
This lime green creature has a long green, black, and white striped tail that is mostly visible and its body is slightly off-center and closer to the left side of the photo.
There is a moth on a gear wheel.
A lizard is looking to the bottom left. It is resting on a brown colored shoe.
The car is about to round the corner.  On the left middle, a tiny white part of the white and red road marker is seen.
The person in the center has their arms up over their head in a Y shape.  His mouth is wide open.
The middle male dancer has his arms behind his back.
both hands are on the edge of the plate but not quite touching the bread
Both hands are on the piece of bread closest to the person.
The top bread is put onto the sandwich.
Wrestler being tossed is directly in the middle of being thrown and you can see a yellow foot near the other wrestler's head
A hand has appeared at the bottom of the image. You can still see most of the pan with the yellow object in it.
The hand is slightly bent to the right and it is not covering the oil pan at all.
A black typewriter with 6 red buttons on it on a grey/white surface
Green type writer with a red tape.
An old black typewriter with white keys and black lettering with a corkboard behind in brown
Only one arm and hand are visible, it's reaching all the way across the picture. The food on the plate is almost entirely visible, only the very top is covered by the arm.
The back left wheel is on the double yellow line.
front driver tire about to drive up on sidewak
Part of the right side (picture left side) of the woman's face is covered by the shoulder of the person in front of her.  Her teeth are bared and you can see both top and bottom teeth clearly.
8 people are visible on a snowy mountainside in a mostly clear photo
In total, eight dark figures are seen at lower right, but they are blurry.
The spatula has been slid under about 10 pieces of meat which are clearly visible and non-blurry.
The cooked meat is about to get scooped up. You can see a very small part of the white plate at the lower right corner. The meat is sectioned with 1 piece of meat right in the middle of the pan by itself.
You can just start to see the ankles of the red person that is standing to the right of the text on the green wall.  The image is extremely blurry.
Only 75 percent of the text on the green wall is visible with a person in red to the right.
Just a picture of a green background with black text on it and orange ground at the bottom of the picture. Nothing else is in the picture.
You can see a guy in black in the foreground, but only his legs.  He is moving from the middle of the image to the left of the image.  His legs are spaced apart the most.
There is a referee on the front left side of the picture. You can see the one hand and fingers and the inner palm of the hand.
The referee that was walking right next to the camera has disappeared off the left side of the image.  The wrestler on top has his left hand on the ground and the arm is bent in nearly a 90 degree angle.
The large cat is cut off under its eyes at the top edge and is blurry.
The large cat's eyes are both in frame but closed.
The man's head is moving upward slightly causing his image to be very blurry.
The boy is centered with a blurry face. His mouth is slightly open and he looks happy. His eyes are slightly open and dark, not too blurred into the rest of his face.
You can see a line going down on the left side of the image, it is from the blue squares and it is very close to the left edge but not touching.
The woman has turned to the right and you can see her nose and mouth but no eyes.
The woman's lips are puckered and a strand of hair is coming out, positioned as though it's coming out of her mouth. Her eyes are visible and her left eye is just under the top of the photo edge.
The lady is bent over to the right. her hair is at her side.
You can just barely see a second waterfall on the far left side of the picture.
You can see the two waterfalls pretty clearly but you can't see where the water that is falling from these waterfalls is hitting on the rocks below.
The scene is shadowy as the two men stand facing the camera.  The right man is facing somewhat to the left
the guy on left looking in the camera and the background is lit.
Just the very edge of the inflated toy is shown.
There are two balloons on a small table. The girl's bent left arm has a small gap in between the bend..
You can fully see the orange balloon on the table.  The girl's right foot is getting close to coming down to the ground.
The top half of a water bottle is seen between a man and a woman. A red item is slightly in view towards the bottom left.
One man is visible and his fingers are directed at his own face.
The person in the front brings his right hand away from his body and has his mouth open.
You can still barely see the white on the horse's front left leg.
The horses far leg is entirely covered up by his front leg.
Woman's left hand is not touching the object
Her mouth is partially blocked by her hand.  You can see part of her open mouth and can see her top teeth.
Two empty chairs are in the image
There is a black chair with white dots on its backrest with a metal handle on top of the backrest.
A black chair with a solid back facing forward with black armrests. The background is a plain speckled gray.
There is a small diamond shape in the center of a collage of pictures.  You can just see a man's neck and chin. No mouth or nose is seen.
There is a diamond shape in the center.  You can see a man with a black shirt and you can see his mouth but neither of his eyes.
The diamond shape is cutting off the top of the man's forehead and half of his right hand. Both eyes are visible.
The girl's face from right above her mouth upwards is visible behind the balloons
The yellow toy car to the right is still in the frame. The pole above it is on the very edge of the frame and the top of the pole is going out at the corner of the frame.
The boy in orange is touching the balloon. The slide is visible behind him on the left side. His backpack is going out of the frame on the bottom.
A hand takes up the majority of the foreground of the picture
The person's hand on the right is covering up most of his face but you can still see a bit of his sunglasses.
The person's hand on the right is covering up the lower left part of his face.  You can see his mouth is open and the hand is covering a bit of his mouth.
You can just see a bit of the object the person is holding on the far left side of the image. You can't see any hands.
A wrist and hand holding an object coming in from the left side of the image. You can't see much of their forearm at all.
Only three women are visible, the fourth is completely hidden behind the man. The picture is mostly not blurry.
A man holds phone up to his left side, giving best profile to us, most completely here.
A man in suit and tie has left hand by face with eyes looking down
White plate is starting to come in from the left side of the image.
The white plate is covering the left half of the pan on the stove.  The hand is not over the dish but is below and to the left of it.
a brighter shot of a city scape with no people present in the image
There are no people in the picture and it is pretty dark.
The woman's face is popping up, it's blurry and her mouth is not showing yet.
The piece of paper in the person's hand is blocking all of the text of the blue object in the box.  You can still see the logo on the blue object.
The piece of paper in the person's hand is blocking most of the text of the blue object in the box.  It is also blocking a good portion of the logo on the object as well.
Only one brown spot is visible on the white animal, towards the very bottom of the image
There is a woman sitting on the couch behind the baby but you can only see her left leg and arm.  You can't see her face at all.
The top of the baby's head is cut off at the top of the image but you can still see her eyes clearly.
The baby's eyes are cut off by the top edge of the frame. You can see just a tiny bit of the bottom edges of the eyes.
The man's right ear is barely visible on the left hand side of the image.  The woman has her mouth open and you can see her top teeth.
The hands of the man in white are not visible.
The man has both hands on the railing but have not yet grasp it.
Double exposure showing hands cutting into one centered crab leg above three other legs spread out on a silver pan, with longer sliver slash at bottom
Scissors are cutting the middle of a leg. A transparent image of a pan is faintly seen especially to the left.
A large brown swirl is almost fully visible in the top left corner of the image
Strawberries and chocolate. There is a faint picture of another image but it not clear to make out. You can make out a little bit of the flower.
There is picture overlay with the first picture having slightly more visibility than the second.
There is equal overlay between two pictures.  One is of a picture of a man with a hat and the other is of a man fishing.
You can for the first time no longer see the man's left hand on the right side of the picture.
You can see that there's a smaller basket in front of the basket of eggs, but you can't clearly make out what's inside. A small part of the person's hand is visible coming out of the top middle edge, but no part of the left arm or hand are visible. You can see all the cakes on the book cover, and the lower cakes are almost touching the bottom edge.
A hawk on a pretty thick tree branch.  It is looking right at the bottom left corner of the picture.
A hawk on a very thin branch.  There are only two branches present.  It is looking to the right side of the picture and you can only really see one eye.
Close up of a cute owl facing left with orange-yellow feet. It is standing on a bunch of sharp looking branches.
No text on the object can be seen. The base of the thumb on the right hand can be seen but the pinky finger can't be seen.
The bottom of an item with blue and white stripes is seen on the top of the image being held by two hands. You can see the thumb on the left hand and the pinky on the right hand.
Only the arm and the knee of a woman with a striped shirt on the far right can be seen.
The girl in the horizontal stripe hoodie has her face visible but not her hair.
The woman's hands are both extended in front of her at chin height and she is looking directly at the camera.
Both hands are visible. The fingers of her right hand are just in front of the red pot and its handle.
Her eyes are squinting, no hands are visible.
tHE SCREEN FLASHES as if lightning is striking as a man tries to lift a hammer off a mound
there is a plan flying low over the water with a smoke trail behind it
there are two yellow and red flags in this pic and an outline of mountains in the back
A large slice, about 1/4 of the whole thing, of a pie with its cut edges facing the left and bottom sides of the image.
It's a single slice, it's yellow filled with red. The pie looks like it's made out of popcorn shrimp and filled with bacon strips.
A monkey climbs a building in the middle of a movie screen
There is overlay of a dragonfly going over a giant ape on a building.  You can see 3 pairs of eyes but some of them are pretty blurry.
The butterfly is hard to see, it's under the second word and is half cut off.
Her is left hand is cover her right wrist, dead center. The purple butterfly is covering the text.
He is holding the bagel flat with its edge facing the camera so you can't see any grill markings.
The person is showing the grilled side of the bagel to the camera.  The bagel is completely in the sun.
The person is showing the grilled bagel to the camera.  Part of the bagel is in shadow.
A man is standing with his arms out from his sides pointed downwards.  He has a serious look on his face.
The man is holding his hands together and his watch's face is visible.
The man is facing forward and this hands are not showing but he is not frowning.
The man's right eye is 40% visible.
The guy is looking up and screaming. A tiny corner of the eye is cut by the left side picture border. Both eyes can still be seen visibility.
You can only see the man's nose and cheeks.
The woman in the blue hat and the woman in the blue tank top are facing each other. The blue hat woman has one hand visible with the palm out at head level.
The girl in blue hat and girl in blue tanktop are doing a high five with both hands.
Text at bottom is only just starting to fade.
The person is holding the pitcher up with one hand, looking down at the skillet, and both her hands are visible. She is not pouring the contents out.
The woman is holding a pitcher of liquid while stand close to and looking down towards the pan with an open mouth
The woman is staring straight forward with the pitcher covering part of her right upper torso. Her left hand has the thumb sticking up while the other fingers are not spread apart.
A word in yellow and a word in blue are in the bottom corner of the image
The word in blue has disappeared but the word in red and yellow is still vislble.
A pumpkin is lit with a portion of the flame showing in the very middle and the majority of the middle portion of the pumpkin carved out in a strange shape
A carving with a ghost with two eyes and it's hands out with the fingers pointing down.
The woman in camoflage's head is tilted back. You can see her closed eyes and headband,  and it looks like she has a cracker in her mouth. The two girls behind her are positioned so it looks like one of the girls is kissing the top of the other girl's head.
You can see most of the girl's face that has a blue shirt on.  Her feet are spread far apart and her right heel is off the ground.
The girl in blue is to the left of the girl in the middle with the purple shoes. The girl in blue is not obscured in any way.
The white ghost character with a black eye is in back of the 2nd word of blue text at the bottom.
The ghost character with the black eye is above the third word of blue text at the bottom.
There is a guy punching at the screen above the text at the bottom.
There are no stars visible.  Two fingers on different hands are the closest to each other.
Both thumbs are touching the bow with space between them. The top of the bow is blurry. The pinkie and ring finger are visible in the background with the tip of the pinkie slightly cut off by the bow.
The Beast hands are around the lady's shoulder and almost touching each other.
The phone case is tipped back towards the person's face the most.  You can see the side of the case clearly.
A card of a magician
There is a person wearing dark jeans and brown boots.
A picture of a man pointing at you with some text below the man.
There is a boy with a green shirt on the far right side of the image and you can see most of his body except for his left hand.  There is a woman with a blue swimsuit walking in from the left and she has her left hand on her right shoulder.
There is a woman with blue on who is standing on the mat with both feet.  Her left hand is at her right elbow.
The woman's forearm is parallel to the bottom and top edges of the frame. She is facing towards our right with both feet on the mat, and is not giving or about to give a high five.
a close up shot of a glass with the very bottom of it filled with an amber liquid
A copper kettle on the left and a half full iced tea with a straw sticking out on the right.
It looks like the base of a lava lamp.
The soup is shadowed and a small portion of the white bowl is visible at the top.
About three quarters of the white bowl is visible on top of the steaming pot.
The white dish is almost completely visible but the hand holding it is barely visible.
The red bar in front has almost completely covered the red bar in back.  You can just see a bit of the text on the red bar in back.
Her head is touching the top of the photo. Her mouth is pursed and her eyes are open. She is facing forward and looking straight ahead.
Woman's lips are slightly open, you can barely see her teeth. Her head is completely in frame.
The woman's teeth are touching each other, her head is straight, and you can see the black bath robe above her shoulder.
A white building that is to the left of the white tent-like structures is almost fully visible on the far left side of the image.
The back half of the group of racers are directly below the white triangular canopies near the audience.
The tip of the bottle held by the baby nearly lines up with the check of the girl in the foreground
While her head is straight, the kids hairline isnjust below the top of the frame and the top of the head isn't visible
The woman in the front has her right arm held at a 90 degree angle over her head.
Baby's body is turning toward the right. She is bending her left leg, but her foot is still touching the ground.
the baby's hand almost entirely blocks out the adult's hand at the top middle of the picture
Neither of the man's feet are visible and the chair is reclined out and he is pulling back
One boat is tied up length wise across the front. Behind it are rows of boats tight together sitting perpendicular to the front one. No people are visible.
There is a gondola with a man in the front of it facing away from the camera.  There is a red boat parked between the gondola and the camera.
At least six boats are visible. The boat overlapping the bottom edge has two women in pink.
The tire is directly on top of the person's right shoe and you can just barely see fingers at the top.
Only the slightly open mouth, tip of the nose and part of an eyelash is visible on the girl's face on the left. The boy in the middle is looking down with his hat covering his entire face.
The child has their hand at the bottom right of the box with the toy with his thumb on the green button
The left hand touching the cooking bread is clearest and most fully identifiable.
Bread placed on pan with no hand and no utensils. Looks yellow
there is a text on the bottom left of the image, with foams clearly visible boiling on the side of the bread with the spatula on the edge of the bread
A grey face.  The right eye looks like a small hole and the left eye is at a higher level than the right eye.
The face is yellow/peach. Both eyes are closed.  The left eye is quite a bit lower than the right eye.
A man is looking up and to the left. His mouth is slightly open. The light is not touching any part of his nose.
The man is glancing down and a lot of his face is in shadow.
Red sofa with no legs, it is sitting on the grass.
A brownish red sofa with a portion torn off on the right side, revealing a blue/green substance
A brown recliner sitting in a parking lot. It has a white cover on the seat and back, the foot rest is up.
Two brick walls, one behind the other.  The one in the back has part of a window in the upper right corner.  In the lower left a broom is leaning up against the other wall.
You can only see one hand with a watch fully visible. The fabric is lifted exposing the beans in the pot.
Beans are visible in the cup and three of his left hand fingers.
The dog's butt is sitting on the bottom edge of the image.
A leopard skin object is mostly covering a man's head. Only the tiniest part of the back of his head is visible
There is a highlighted angled portion of the blanket at the top left and another highlighted portion to the left of center bottom.
The microphone is very blurry in his hand in the bottom right corner.
The singer has just brought the microphone up to his mouth and has just started singing.
Both of the bride's hands are clearly visible and nearly touching the groom's hand.
The brides maid on the far left in the background of the picture has half of her head cut off at the top part of the picture. But you can still see her mouth/lips.
The bride and the groom are touching hands and the groom is mostly visible with only the top of his head cut off.
There is a green triangle on the middle right side. The hat is almost touching the top on the left but a little bit of yellow is visible above it.
The middle girl is looking at the camera with a shock face. Only the top row of teeth are seen.
The girl on the right has completed looking all the way up and at the camera. Her hair is partially covering her left eye and she has kind of a surprised look on her face.  Her mouth is open.
A  black dog is positioned with the middle of its body in front of the person's left foot
The dog is relatively far from the person in black socks but still completely in the picture.
The car is right in the middle of the dark black section of the road.
the car is positioned facing directly to the left in between two safety cones
The pastor is looking directly at the groom.  He has a smirk on his face and his mouth is completely closed.
The pastor is looking at the groom.  The pastor's mouth is slightly open.
The bride has her hands together and is not touching or reaching out to the groom. The bride and groom are looking at each other.
The jeep's back left tire has completely gotten past the circular manhole cover on the ground next to it.
The jeep is driving alongside a red and yellow truck that is going in the opposite direction.  You can see the full bottle on the side of the truck.
There's a yellow truck with a bottle painted on the side. The neck of the bottle is cut off by the right edge.
The boy is laying on his back with his two feet pointed towards the ceiling.
Very blurred with black girl far to the left and person in pink chair barely visible.
This photo is blurry and the can held by the girl in green is against her face and only the left arm and left leg and small amount of the body can be seen on the person in the pink chair.
A blurry woman is holding a can that is barely touching her right cheek.The shoulder and string of a grey hoodie is seen in the pink chair.
The left side of the yellow part of the woman's underwear is cut off by the top of the frame.
Right knee of the woman is straight, the left knee is bent. Her left foot is behind her right leg. Only the very bottom of her outfit can be seen
A camera is flashing about one head length to the left of the woman in the center of the image
the spot light touching the model's head from the front.
Two cupcakes in swirled dark wrappers and with nuts on top sit on a white stand with polka dot bow.
the cake has a R symbol
Two separate plates of cupcakes with forks on white plates.
All three women are visible though the one on the left is only half a face.
Only the woman in pink and the woman in gray are in the picture.
Only half of the purple ball on the far left is visible next to the head of the woman in red, while the rest is offsscreen..
A large amount of the hand towel hanging on the oven door is visible.
The man is facing our right, and you can see a black appliance to our right, but only a small bit of the white stried things on the appliance.
The gun is pointed exactly at the very back end of a large truck but not pointed at a wheel.
A gun is being aimed between a pole and a truck with writing. Two bullet cases are to the right of the gun.
The bongo drums on the right are visible and the man's feet are pointed in towards each other.
The black person in the center has one leg forward and straight, while the closer leg is slightly bent at the knee and back of the straight leg.
The man in the center's left leg is completely blocked by his right leg.
About half of the pompom on the winter hat is cut off at the top of the image.
About 80 percent of the pom-pom on the hat is visible.
The boy's stocking cap is fully visible but none of his jacket.
The man wearing a jersey with a number is in front with his arm up straight and the cheerleader to his right has her arm down.
The center figure is in a white player's uniform and has both arms held downward at his sides.
there is a guy just entering the scene on the right, you can see his full body with red on his sleeve just touching the edge of the shot
the blond woman's blurred hand is in the bottom right corner and her hair blocks one of her eyes
The woman's hair on the right is covering her left eye.  There is a strand of hair that is just below the right eye
The person's hair on the right is covering most of her eyes.  One single bunch is mostly covering both eyes
Girl with white tank top has her right arm up and directly in line with girl with sunglasses up close
Most of the hand is visible with it in the top right. The spoon is touching the bottom edge of the image.
The inside of the spoon is at the bottom left. The spoon handle is right above the pot handle without touching it.
The image is just starting to transition to the woman kissing.
A picture of a person with a black and green jersey with the ball in his left hand.  He is being tackled by a person with a red helmet is completely laid out with only his feet on the ground.
The man with a number on his back's torso is horizontal and coming in from the right edge of the frame.
The girl's mouth and eyes are wide open and she is facing the camera. You can see her top teeth.
The girl's head is blocking the entire right side of the car.  Her mouth is slightly open and her eyes are all the way open.
The woman has her right eye closed with her left eye half open.
a smiling woman in glasses wearing a blue and white polka dotted dress
Woman looking down to her left, wearing a grayish white longsleeve with collar, her right side of hair is tucked behind her right ear
The woman smiling has a pink flower on her grey jacket and is sitting in front of a brick background.
Two planes in the background with a tail fin in the foreground.  The fin in the foreground is red, white, and blue.
Many planes on the ground in the background while another one is coming in for a landing in the foreground.  The plane that is landing is facing to the left.
A row of airplanes all facing toward the right with their noses hidden. The ground is light tan with yellow and black markings on the left side.
the tongs are lightly touching the foil and both are up in the air not touching the plate
theres a cross above the bed and a suitcase under the bed.
two men in a dirty room filled with papers
A large offroad vehicle is kicking up dirt and dust in a grassy field. There is no pole or other vehicle visible. There is a smaller cloud of dust directly behind the front right wheel.
the hand is holding the yellow dog dish at a 45 degree angle obscuring the dog
A hand is holding a dish. Most of the hand is illuminated while the wrist up is brown.
The bowl is on the ground.  The hand on the person can be seen on the upper right corner but no food is seen.
The spoon is in the direct center of the bowl with the bottom half coated in an orange sauce.
The paddle is mostly covered with orange batter. It is lifted up from the batter with some of the batter stretching from the paddle into the main batter. The paddle is closer to the left side of the bowl.
The spoon is on the far left side of the pan.  It's barely visible because its cover in sauce.
The cap is making a thicker black band and smaller white band above and both hands touching blue object
Dumping chocolate batter into a cake pan. Chocolate is at the edge of the bowl but none has fallen in the cake pan yet
The batter is touching the parchment paper inside the cake tin.
Overhead shot of plant on light wooden floor. Equal amounts of green spiky sprouts, healthy looking
A pretty tall plant in front of a white door.  The pot is black and is on a brown floor and not a table.
A small spider plant that is white and green.  More of the leaves are towards the front and to the right.
There is a white circle just above the light in the lower right corner.
The camera that was in the lower right corner of the image has completely disappeared.  The person on the far left of the group touching the ball who has a red skirt on has only one hand on the ball.
Part of the woman in the tan jacket's face is covered by her own hand
The girl in black has her hand partially out of frame
the women in brown is center of the shot, turned to the camera waving, there is 3 others in shot
Triangular black and white plate with a green ball in the center of it.
The ice-cream in a tall white ceramic container is greenish-orange with a bit of whipped cream and a cherry on top.
There's a green scoop of dessert in the middle of a black flowery bowl with a spoon at the bottom right of it
The man's left hand who is behind the woman is blocking part of his own face.
The man's left hand who is behind the woman is blocking most of the woman's face.
The black helmet wrestler is sitting on the blue wrestler with his left hand pressed straight down.
It looks like the wrestler in black is sitting on the other wrestler with his arms held out and away from his body.
The person on top in the black has his back to the mat.  His right arm is bent backwards very awkwardly and pointed at the ground.
The older woman behind the man in the center has just passed behind the man in the center and is fully visible.
The hand at bottom left is grasping something white, but this person's face is unseen.
The older woman behind the man in the center is almost completely obscured with only a tiny portion of her skirt visible.
Both women are raising their hands, witht he woman in pink having her mouth open while the other is showing teeth
The lady in black has hands clasped and head tilted back with mouth wide open. The lady in Pink has both arms up. Both lady are in a slight crouch position.
The woman in pink has her hand slightly covering the lower right part of the man's face in back.  Her mouth is open and you can see her tongue.
You can see a hand in front of a purple book.  The thumb on the hand is easily visible but the other fingers are very blurry.
There is a hand in front of a purple book.  Most of the fingers are easily visible but there is some blur on the hand.
The left hand is covering most of the yellow barcode on the book, only a small yellow line is seen.
The person on the horse is facing to the left.  The horse looks like it is on its front toes and the left front leg is slightly bent.
The horse and rider are facing to the left.  The horse has started to rear back a little.  You can clearly see all four legs of the horse.
The horse is facing to the left with both the front and back pair of legs touching.
Some of the fingers are hidden behind the pink cake for the first time as the hand appears to touch the cake.
The hand appears to be touching the cake.  You can only really see the person's wrist and hand.
The person's palm is towards us and touching the left bottom corner of the cake. There is a small amount of dark space between the right bottom corner of the photo and the edge of the cake.
The woman on the far left has her back to the camera so you can't see any of her face.  Her right hand is visible but very blurry.
You can see the woman's right sunglasses lens who is on the left side of the image.  You can see her right arm and hand clearly but her left arm is hidden by her body.
You can see most of the girl in front's head. She is facing our right. The top of her head is cut off by the top edge of the frame.
The cinders are being raked, the rake is slightly blurry, no leaves
There is a stick that is just above the ashes of a fire. It is not touching the ashes.
The stick has been removed.  There a a couple of glowing coals near the lower left hand part of the picture.
A splash in the center of the screen at the top of a wave is visible
Surfer can be seen just a little bit above the wave with some white splashing water to the right
The surfer has just disappeared over the wave.  The text is complete at the bottom.
The green cap on the object the person is pouring out of has disappeared completely off the top of the image.  The spoon is full of liquid and upright.
The spoon is full of the fish sauce, but the sauce is not visible due to the angle of the spoon.
The white spoon is held sideways with liquid pouring out of it.
The girl is covering the left edge of the blue table and half of the purple animal's face.  The blue cap animal is holding someting green.
You can fully see both of the characters eyes. Also, you can see both of the girl's hands.
The girl's head blocks the mascot eye. Only one eye towards the left of the picture is visible. Her hand is on a blue balloon and the other hand is between the column and wall.
At least three pool tables are visible, some reflected in a mirror. A man in a white shirt is about to hit a ball with a cue stick. You can see his reflection behind him.
One red pool table with a bunch of people standing around. There is another red table perpendicular in the background.
One red pool table with two older men playing.
The white plate is visible but no pizza.
The toddler's head is in the far left bottom corner, and no plate is visible by the other person's bent arm.
a man in a black suit is reaching towards a man in a grey suit the man in blak has his hand closed and about level with the brides head.
the yellow flower in groom's chest is right below a red flower in the background
The bottom picture is almost all red with very little black showing
Top left text box has a black background with full visible words.
The top left rectangle is completely black.
The piñata is facing the boy and the bat is blocking the tree in the back.
The back of pinata is completely visible after getting hit.
Between the couple faces, only a red polka dot dress is visible.
Most of the woman in blue is on frame except for the back of her right arm
Woman stands in front of a man so he is only half visible as she smiles.
the back legs of the animal are covered by the grey block
The cartoon raccoon is covering up most of the yellow box on the table.
There is a small green spherical object near the right side of the raccoon on the table.  You can see the entire green ball.
Can see the man's mouth but not his nose
A man is holding a platter of meat. The only part of his face that you can see is his chin.
There are two women looking straight ahead.
A close up of a single woman with brown hair.
Two girls in the frame. The one with black hair has her hand covering her face.
The person's right hand holds the spatula flat towards the viewer. Their thumb and index fingers are visible.
the spatula is away from the substance in the bowl, with the writing fading away at the bottom
The index finger is over spoon with other finger partially visible and spoon in middle of bowl.
The spoon is not in the food. There is a lot of yellow on the spoon. The spoon is covering the green food located on the left side of the picture.
The spoon is in the bowl and scooped up an egg yolk. The sausage piece is lifted up slightly but the spoon isn't lifted out of the bowl yet. A hand is pinching the edge of the bowl.
There is no gap between the flowers the girl is holding and the flowers hanging on the chair of the woman in the black dress.
The woman has the biggest smile showing both the top and bottom of her teeth.
A tank with 6 nearby soldiers
Tank with setting sun to the left of it, big gun up in the air in the middle of screen
One tank facing to the left with a lot of fire coming out of the big gun.
In the top left corner one letter is entirely visible, the next is almost entirely visible, and the third is covered at the top and bottom.
The boy's right forearm is not seen, but the inside of his right elbow is on the left.
The blurry arm is closer to the bottom left side of the picture. The blurry hand is partially cut off at the left bottom.
A person is in the foreground of a blurry black and white image in the bottom right corner
The first shot of an overhead view of several players
Man is looking over his left shoulder, blue ribbon over white circle on the right
There is no picture overlay.  There is a man running in the center.
There is a slight image overly.  The running man has his left elbow at the hip of the man with the stripe sweater.
There is a person in white on the left side of the image who is just about to serve the ball with one hand.
The person in white has served the ball and it is in the air. Only two members of the white team can be seen.
The ball is in the air near the blue player on the white team.
The girl in the pink and orange tank top is blurry. You can see her eyes and her legs..
There are small cat ears on top of the oval and there are red and blue colors outside of the oval.
It looks like two ears on top of the white oval. The left one has pink shading on both sides, the right one has blue shading on both sides.
The player is holding a footbal with his arm at a 90 degree angle preparing to throw it
There is a man in a baseball cap sitting on the bench. You can see most of his head. The player to his right, in the background, is bent over. The other player with the number on his back is about to throw something but hasn't thrown it yet.
The person has unfolded the item to the point where the green image on it is visible but it's not totally unwrapped yet
The boy with the red hat is off the bus with both feet down on the ground. His face is still pretty much in shadow.
A little boy in a red hat has just stepped off the bus, the sun is on his face. The fingers on both his hands are curled.
You can start to see the fingers on the woman's left hand who has glasses on.  You can't see her right arm at all.
The woman in the sunglasses is looking at another woman with her arms crossed. Only her right forearm and left hand are seen.
The woman with white hair is looking over to the right slightly. Her elbow is almost touching the bottom right corner.
There is slightly less blur.  You can still see 1/3 of the computer on the left.
close up picture of the black laptop monitor
The alpaca nose is pointing straight up and located just under the highest leaf without touching it.  The alpaca mouth is closed.
The man looks to the left with an open mouth and mostly shut eyes
Man is looking to left, no hands can be seen, and upper and lower teeth can be seen.
Man is looking to his left with his hand below his chin at the top of his shirt with only his pointer finger and tip of his thumb showing.
A fountain bubbles upward at center but has visible falls, one on each side, moving water downward.
Fountain that is very dark on the left side. Small figure built into the fountain that is looking up
Three fountains with several mini-sprays can be seen, in daytime with the most grass.
No people are visible, and the blue ball is close to the edge of the right side of the image
Only a blue blurred ball is center right
You see a blue ball in the middle and only one blurry foot of the boy.
The corner of the wall is on the left and covering a quarter of the screen, the bottom is lighted.
The person with the crowbar just has finished going around a corner and is looking at the end of the hallway.
The dog in the foreground is facing towards the right side of the image.  Its head is roughly level with the rest of its body.  Its left ear is right on the edge of the shining reflection in the pool.
The dog is looking to the right.  It's head is perked up and is much higher than the rest of its body.  The head of the dog is covering a lot of the shining reflection in the water.
The girl's face is blurry with her hair covering the right side. Her face is looking up.
The right side of the child's face is cut off on the left side of the image.  Her eyes are closed but you could seen both eyes if she had them open.  Her mouth appears slightly open.  Her left hand is just starting to come off of the blanket she has on top of her.
The person is moving the object in the egg away from the camera. The fingers on the right hand appear to be just barely touching the object.
The two half of the egg are separated. The half with stuff inside is to the left of the red box on the table, there is a tiny line gap between them.
The plastic egg is open and the two sides are furthest away from each other.
A kitchen with white cabinets and a purple wall
A yellow chair is in the center in front of a wooden table.
There are some white chairs around a table with a white tablecloth.  There is a small white light above the table.
A slightly less close-up shot of a sandwich.
Only one green stripe on the salt shaker behind the plated food can be seen.
The strawberry's are almost touching the top of the image.
Two white urinals side by side against a white wall.
A white toilet with a white wall and light grey floor tiles. It is very close up so you can't actually see the entire toilet.
A single toilet with handle bars on the two sides for disability.
The man is looking up at the camera with his eyes somewhat squinted.  His mouth is totally closed and only one hand is seen at the bottom.
The man is looking up at the camera with his eyes squinted and his mouth in an O shape.  Only one hand is seen at the bottom.
The cook's eyes are squinted and he is showing his teeth, but mostly his top teeth and just a tiny bit of bottom teeth are visible. His face is slightly blurred, especially his mouth.
A white swan and a black duck
Swan with black above it's bill faces to the left, the end of the tail is cut off by right side of frame though.
There is a white duck with some ripples around in a darker water with some rocks to left of duck
The red letters on the bottom right side are touching the bowl and plate.
The dog's nose in the center appears to make contact with the side of the spout of the little teapot the person is bringing down.
A fin-like handle on the bowl is pointed to the bottom left corner. A blurry thumb is in the other corner.
The person's left thumb and most of their left forefinger are visible, at top most part, some of their right hand seems to also be visible above the battered pan.
The women is at the top left with only half her mouth and nose shown.
The man's face is not visible at all. The woman's mouth is fully visible.
You can barely see the man's mouth and nose on the far left side of the image.  You can't see any of his eyes.
the person in the white shirt is facing directly to the left while the person jumping on the bed is facing directly to the right
The person jumping on the bed has there back showing. There is a bright light touching the inside of their left leg.
The spoon is scooping the white stuff and the whole left thumb nail is visible.
A woman is adding salt to a dish and the spoon is full of salt.
The man in black has his hand on the chest of the man in blue. His hand is below the green writing.
There is green and white text at the bottom of the screen.  All three men are looking directly at the camera.
There is text.  The black shirt guy has his eyes closed, mouth wide open, and his arms are out in front like he is about to hold a box.
The girl has her mouth slightly open and she is looking to the left.  She is holding a towel and a brown item.  Her eyes are completely visible. You can see only one thumb or finger.
Her right eye is cut off at top of image but you can see here left eye color and lower eyeball.
You can see the back of a book but it is pretty blurry.  Both hands are still touching the book but only the right thumb is touching the back of the book. The hands are slightly blurry.
Only one hand is seen touching the book with only the right thumb on the back.  A very small amount of the left hand is seen on the very bottom left corner of the image.
Two or three knuckles on the left hand are visible in the left corner, but no individual fingers. The white bracelet is not visible.
The boy has fully opened the toy and is in the process of tossing the wrapping paper behind him, with some of the paper sticking out in front of him and some behind
The wrapping paper in the boy's hand is elongated and in most of the upper right hand corner of the picture.
strawberries sitting on a blue plate
There is a red plastic bowl of strawberries and a wooden spoon.
Cut strawberries in a shallow yellow and white dish.
Almost the entire knife is visible with only the top not seen on the far left.  The top edge of the blade is parallel to the top of the picture.
There is a streetlight on the right. The streetlight has two red light at the bottom and the black back of the lights on top.
No stoplights or crosswalk signals are seen. There is a object on the left side of the road with an arrow on top of it that is right alongside the car in front.
You can see the woman's bracelet clearly. The napkin is visible but does not cover any part of the woman's hands or arms.
The "x" on the left side is clearly visible with just a tiny bit cut off, and just below the center line of the image.
The smallest piece is fully seen in the center left of the picture.  There is no blur at all.
A woman in a brown and purple stripped shirt is in the middle. Her left foot is lifted and there is something black covering just the bottom part of her left calf.
Woman holding but has right shoulder kissing edge of right part of frame.
the kid with the green hat's hat and hand are visible in the bottom left corner
The top of the boy's green hat is appearing to just touch the dog's right arm.  You can only see the boy in green's right hand but not the left.
The boy in green is starting to block some of the dog's body.  The right ear on the hat is right next to the star on the dog's uniform.
The very front of the white car is blocked by a tree
A tree conceals the front of the white vehicle, covering almost all the windshield.
Dark tree is blocking half of the cars front wheel
The wrestle's elbow is below the first rope.
A camera flash to the left of the man in white trunks makes an x on the picture
One of the wrestler has his hand on the elbow of the other wrestler.
The woman has her back to the camera with her arm straight up and her head is blocking half of the man's face.
The woman is in front of the man with her arms up and only the man's right eye can be seen.
The male dancer is looking down at the woman while she has her left arm around his shoulder.
The man's pointer finger is not fully visible and the food is still together.
One full hand and 2 fingers from the other hand are fully visible
A blue egg is in a person's hand.
There are multiple red oval objects.
An egg with purple and pink flowers on the surface.
The lady in red has most of her head cut off. All that is visible is her chin poking out at the top of the picture.
You can see the model's nose and mouth who has a red dress on.  You can't see her eyes.
You can see the model's face who has a red dress on.  You can't see the top of her head and it looks like she isn't wearing anything on her head.
A single pair of gloves with the fingers pointing towards the right side of the screen
A blue bag with a floral background.
Pair of black gloves
They are very close together with their heads close together.
The woman is bent back with a laugh. Her bracelet is by the blue cap of the water bottle at the end of the table.
The woman on the left has her right hand in a fist up near her face.
You can no longer see the girl's eyes for the first time in the far back.
His mouth is open wide but only his top teeth are showing.
His mouth is closed with his top teeth showing, his eyebrows are showing, just the very top is cut off.
The person is in a flip. The position of the body looks like he is hanging upside down with arms together.
A woman is tumbling through the air, her face is facing upwards. Her knees are pulled up close to her chest. Her torso is tilted slightly backwards.
The very tip of the snake's nose is not visible.
The entire snake's head is completely visible and at the very top of the picture.
The bride has her hand out, it is not blurry. The groom is reaching to put the ring on her finger but is not touching her yet.
The guy is touching the woman's hand with only his right hand.
The groom is holding the bride's hand with both of his hands.
A metal object appears and is touching the left side of the bag of white powder.
A toothbrush appears at the top center of the picture.  Some fingers are seen touching the right side of the bag of white powder.
A hand has an index finger inside the bag and a middle finger outside the bag. The toothbrush is touching the ziplock part of the bag.
The engine part being held by the person is fully visible. There is only a sliver of skin seen to the right of the person's left gloved hand.
There is a man and his left hand has just gotten off the right side of the image.  His right fingers are very close to the Jeep's right headlight. His mouth is slightly open.
The man looks like he is smiling at the camera with teeth together.  His left hand is off the right side of the image.
The performer is facing the camera with hands up and the mouth in a puckered/o shape.
There is a man looking down with his mouth slightly open so you can see some teeth.  He appears to be smiling slightly and the picture isn't blurry at all.
The woman has three fingers on her wrist while her pinky finger is just barely touching it.  The image is pretty clear and not blurry.
The woman has four fingers on her wrist.  The thumb is also touching farther up the arm.  The image is pretty clear with very little blur.
One taillight is showing and the whole license plate cutout is visible.
On the upper left to middle side of this image, you can see the back end of a silver car parked on cement.  The car's left tail light is merging with the text in the top left corner.  Only part of the left tail light is visible.
the windows and just a bit more of the back of the car are covered by that top black bar adn even some of the front tire. the side of the car is almost not quite touching the left side of the frame
the peeler is just beginning to peel the cucumber, no white flesh has yet been exposed.
There is text at the bottom of the picture. The cucumber is about to get peeled for the first time with a inch already peeled.
One slice of skin has been mostly, but not entirely peeled.
Woman has right finger pointed up with her head tilted to the right with mouth open
The woman has her finger in the air, but it is in line with the level of her mouth.
The woman's eyes are mostly closed. Her hands are not visible.
The woman in grey pants is making a peace sign with her hand closest to the camera
The first woman is looking at the camera with her mouth open and top teeth showing. There is a small gap between her hair and the edge of the frame. The woman next to her is not looking at the camera.
The man in blue has his mouth open as he faces directly towards the person in black, and both of his hands are visible
The man in blue has his hand the nearest to his face in a claw shape.  He has a slight smile on his face.
The man in blue has his hand in a claw shape pointed towards his face and it's farther away from his face.
A cabinet with five drawers faces to the left. There is a smaller table to its right with a white object on it.
The cabinet has a goldish countertop with gold handle and gold trim at the legs.
A cabinet with four drawers vertically. It is blocking a chair in the background.
A picture of two people riding bicycles.
There's a line drawing of a man in a backwards baseball cap touching his head with his left hand and his butt with his right hand.
A penguin holding a piece of paper with text on it.
An image of two white characters and one of them is pulling on a red knob.
There's a picture of a cartoon with a moustache.
The woman is looking down at her hands near her chest and her mouth is slightly open.  The right hand is higher than the left hand and her right thumb is near her neck.
The woman has both hands over her chest.  Her mouth is wide open and you can see her top teeth.
All feet are flat on the ground. The bride is holding the front of her dress up. Her hands are a bit blurry, but you can see both of them and her bracelet.
Half of the bride's right foot is sticking out from under her dress.
the tip of bride's shoe touches the white tissue (only hers)
The text at the bottom is fully lit for the first time. The first letter of the text is just below the person with the black jacket on.
The text is fully lit up at the bottom of the image.  The man in the back who is closest to the camera has his left leg forward and the text is fully to his right.
The man in the green jacket is standing up straight. His body is blocking half of the person in red.
The text is at the right side of the red box, but the camera logo is not on the other side.
There is a red banner with writing on it at the bottom left. The woman's lips are apart but her teeth are together, both her top and bottom teeth are showing.
The hand holding the phone is visible, but it's blurry. Her mouth is open but slightly pursed, only two top teeth are showing.
The entire bar is inside the frame. The tips of the right thumb and forefinger are touching the bar.
The white plate the cake is on is all the way to the left and there is no thumb.
Both the child's hands are holding the top of the shirt, the hands are horizontal with each other.
The person's right hand is over near their left.  The right pointer finger is pointing at the other hand.
The right pointer finger is pointing off the bottom center of the picture.  The other hand is still holding the white paper.
A yield sign to the right of the road is just about to pass off frame
The first sign on the right is just no longer visible.  Another sign is seen in the distance on the right.
The guy in white has his mouth open, and another image is slightly faded on top.
An overlay of the man singing is just beginning to appear on top of the image. In the overlaid image that man's mouth can not be clearly seen.
There is a strong overlaying picture of the person in white shirt's face over the picture with the two guys.
2 faded images. Two men facing away are darkest but a girl's face is still very visible above them.
A line of blue banners in a gymnasium, there is an American flag over the door.
Three people standing in front of a sign, it's very blurry.
Close up of a newspaper clipping with 2 men's headshots in the upper right corner.
The boy is between the two girls.  Under his chin is the smaller girl's ear..
He is holding the towel in his right hand. It is up level with the writing on his shirt but only one letter is covered.
Only his right hand is holding the towel, his left is almost touching it. The towel is covering half the writing on his shirt.
The man in the right is covering the lettering on his shirt with a towel. Both hands are visibly grasping the towel.
A man is walking around the object in the middle with his left side partially obscured by the object
The man in the middle's right ear has just come into view.
The man in the middle's sleeve is just touching the window to his right.
A picture of a beach with a large blue umbrella with green, red, and yellow stripes in the foreground.
A picture of a mostly empty beach with two people in the mid-ground on the right side of the image.
A red umbrella is at the bottom center.
there are 5 white clouds on tracks
the pick character icons are visible but only one has been picked
There are character icons over the minecarts. The green Luigi icon has stars around it.
The woman's are is completely in the bag and her eyes are open.
A girl is starting to remove her hand from the bag and she is looking towards her arm.
Three white animals on a savannah.   Three large trees are seen in the foreground above the animals on the ground.
There is an elephant in the center of the photo a bit in the distance. You can really only see the top half of its body.
A distance view of the savannah with a long horizon.  There is a lot of zebras dispersed in multiple groups.
Doll with green eyes wearing a black and white striped shirt.
A doll with a white dress on.  She has light behind her and to the left side of the image.
Most of the head of the person can be seen in the upper right corner.  The image is still very blurry.
The lettering is on the back of a woman's head. There is little to no overlay/blurring.
A black canon camera
A black camera is poised at an angle to the left on top of a bright white surface
A camera sits in a white void; an accessory sits next to it.
The tiny microwave is still being held by the hands.  All 10 fingers can clearly be seen.
The tiny microwave is just being placed on the red surface. All fingers are still touching the microwave.
Two hands are visible. The hand on the left is very blurry and in the upper left corner.
The child is looking at the camera, and some of his thumb and pointer finger are visible behind the product.
The girl is showing what she has in her hand to the camera.  Her face is also just starting to turn to the left hand side of the picture
The girl is just starting to drop what she had in her hand and you can see that her fingers are not gripping the object.
Person is all in black.
She has on a red coat and hat, and is holding a stuffed animal.
A girl holds a teddy bear wearing a white and blue striped shirt
The full word Lunch is visible, with the frame of the lunch sign flush with the right edge of the picture. On the left side, you can clearly see the "SED" of a closed sign.
The red sign's last letter is just barely cut off in the picture.
Two monitors on a wooden desk with a black backpack in front of the bigger one
Laptop on a stand on the left. Right monitor is vertical on a stand next to the black laptop
There is two computer monitors, one black and one white with a variety of beverages in front and phone
The sifter has been placed in the bowl and the person's hand is not visible. No other ingredients can be seen.
Brown powder is starting to fall out of the bowl, but has not hit the white substance.
A small amount of brown powder is being poured into bowl that has hit bottom.
A black pan with 5 rows of sushi in it
7 servings of sushi with white rice visible.
Green edamame in front of some white sushi rolls, orange and a black roll
You can't see any part of the person on the right's face.  You can barely see the left arm of the the same person and can't see the right arm at all.
The lady is smiling looking at the camera while her right hand is on the handle of the white cup.
A woman is standing behind a counter this a very neat array of ingredients, looking down
The woman is pouring the liquid into the pan, and is looking downward at the pan/pouring.
The left ear on the boy is barely covering up some of the blue dog's hat.  The boy is completely blocking the red dog's paw on the dog's hat.
You can see the entire blue dog's face and you can also see the pink dog's face. The boy is still completely blocking the red dog and you can't see any of the boy's hands.
Most of the kid's left hand is visible, but the thumb and forefinger are blocked by his ear. The dog with the yellow hat is visible.
There is a picture of a man.  He is glancing straight down and not looking off to either side.
A picture of a man.  He is starting to get up from his hunched over position. He is looking down and to the left side of the picture.
You can't see any of the man's face, and there is no girl.
Closer shot of a girl in purple unicorn T shirt. She has blond hair.
Little girl in pink sitting in sand smiling directly at the camera. You cannot see any water in the picture. Looks like she has blonde or light brown hair. You can't see anyone else in the picture.
An infant in a light purple dress and no shoes sitting on the beach looking straight into the camera. Man walking in the background.
No people are seen in the shot.  There is a bit of a blue chair on the far left and a black chair in the center.
A very blurry scene. There's a person's blue sleeve and part of the arm on the right, what appears to be a black chair with an idem in it, and possibly a white baseball cap in the left corner.
he is facing away from the camera and his arms are up
his back is to us and his arms are out straight with his fingertips pointed up
A young man is standing as straight as possible with his hands in front of him most of his head and ear are not visable.
There's a light consisting of two circular shapes, and the bottom shape is cut off by the bottom edge of the picture.
The white shape is straight with purple at the top, it's arms are bent out to the side.
The Bryan De Silva is least visible before it transitions to a different text.
Woman in the pink outfit can seen entirely in the curve of the arm of the man with the blond hair.
the girl in the back is walking towards left, the girl in the front has just passed her also walking to the left
It's difficult to see the two players sitting on the bench due to the fading away.
There is a man just to the left of the person that has the long yellow jacket on whose hands are not blocking any of his own face.
A hand appears from the right with a silver ornament in it.
A hand places a silver ornament in the train and the hand is still visible.
No hands are visible and the hanger on the silver ball on the train is pointing almost straight down.
The man's face is just cut off above his left eyebrow.
The man has completed his turn towards the object in his hand.  You can see most of his ear but part of it is still off the top of the image.
You can see the entire front of the car that is just passing behind the woman's sign on the road.  You can't see the whole car.
You can now see the entire car on the road behind the sign.  The woman looks like she is smiling at the camera.  The inside of the last letter on top of the sign is lit in sun.
There is a tiny bit of overlay which makes the boy's hair appear lighter than it is .
The overlay has just ended and the shot is of a boy on something in the woods. His face is still all in shadow.
A picture of a street with many cars parked on the far side of the street. There are a couple of cars in the distance driving on the road.
A biker is in front of two white car and a white truck on the road.
There's a two-lane road separated by a grassy stretch. Two cars are in the distance on the right side. On the left side there are two dumpsters on the shoulder. There are also five visible traffic lights.
The very end of a yellow truck with a red banner is still visible on the right.
A man with a red shirt on looking to the left.  He is sitting totally upright with his mouth slightly open and his eyes wide open.
A close up of the man in red sitting up straight and back on the chair with his eyes closed.
Two men facing each other.
Her right eye is barely visible, the edge cuts right through it.
A woman is looking towards the camera with her mouth tightly shut. The top of her head above her eyebrows is cut off at the top left side of the image.
The woman is looking at the camera with mouth open. Her top teeth are not visible.
The woman looks directly forward with narrowed eyes and a slightly open mouth
Woman has head tilted to her left, mouth open and both rows of teeth seen.
Only the woman's mouth is seen at the top left, not her nose.
You can barely see the bottom of a woman's nose in the top left quadrant of the image.
The woman is smiling and her entire face is visible except for her eyes and up.
The black car is approaching a line of shadow on the ground.  The front of the car is still a couple of feet back from the shadow.
The car is right behind the line. It has not pass the line with the front tip of the car. There is not much space between the car and the line across the pavement.
The spoon is in the picture completely upside down.
A bowl of white powder is being dumped into a blue bowl of greenish liquid.
A closeup of a man with glasses.  You can see his face full on and he is looking towards the camera.
A farther away shot of a man with glasses.  He is looking down and to the left.
The man is facing the camera with his eyes closed and hands together.
Only one hand is visible inside the bowl
One hand is touching the cheese and the other has two fingers above the cheese.
A necklace is seen on the left on a black background and a small brown bag is on the right.
There is a blown purse with golden handles sitting on a wooden case, wrapped up in a pink and yellow large bow.
checkered purses sitting on a red shelf
A man with his head towards the left side of the image.  He has a phone in his left hand and has a striped blue shirt on.
A man with his head towards the left side of the image.  He has a white shirt on and blue jeans.
The photo is oriented to the side with the man's head pointing right. He has a cap and a goatee.
The man on the left has both hands on the table and is looking at the camera while the one on the right is looking down at the object held in both of his hands.
The two men's hands are close to each other and the man on the left is looking up and to the right
The spoon, though blurry is most centered in bowl while stirring.
the mixing spoon is left center in the bowl
The red camera is not seen at all in the image but some text is seen.
The red camera has appeared in the shot and is blocking a lot of the white text. No splashes of color are seen around the text.
The image of the camera is blocking the middle of the middle word. The words are flat with only a small amount of shading.
A second person on the right side of the image has just appeared.  You can see the right side of his face and it cuts off right down the middle of his face.
A second person is seen on the right side of the image.  You can see one eye and his entire mouth which is open.  The singer on the left is looking down and is pretty blurry.
The singer has the mic away from his mouth a bit. His mouth is open with teeth clench. The image is quite clear.
The man's left eye and nose are visible.
The far left side of the woman's head in the foreground on the left has just disappeared off the left side of the image.
The woman's ponytail who is wearing a white shirt is just starting to block a woman with a red jersey's body in the background.
In the bottom right corner, a person in red is hugging a person in gray.  The person in blue is not visible.
the leading edge of the pizza cutter is off frame
The custard is cut into quarters. There seems to be another image overlaid on the top, like a transition scene, but it's hard to tell what it is. It looks like the edge of a dish is shown in the upper left quarter. No cutting instrument is visible.
Both the bride and groom are smiling and looking to their left
The bride and groom are looking at the man in the black suit, the bride is smiling while her arms are extended in front of her.
the bride and groom are not touching and you can only see the black sleeve and a paper in the hand of the guy behind him
her arm is up and the visible half of her face shows an open mouth and part of her eye
Thumb is centered about in the middle of the bowl. Other hand is barely visible on top.
The only part of the red shirt that is visible is the edge of the sleeve.
The person in red is pulling the person on the ground up.  You can see the entire pitcher's mound in the back with the edge of it right near the top of the image.
You can see the entire circle of dirt in the background but there is a bit of a gap between the top of it and the top of the image.  You can't see any of the person's face who is wearing red.
The blonde man in front of the line is wearing a blue shirt under a white jersey.
2 chefs flank a woman in a floral pattern sleeveless dress on either side
A group of 9 people standing in a bowling alley.
A staff wears mostly red aprons except two of the ladies in front in black ones.
The black hat is on the man on the bicycle's back
The hat is falling down right at the waist of the man on the bicycle.
Both of the white shoes are visible behind the back tire of the bike, and the man's nose is still in the frame.
The right hand's palm is up and is just above the soap dispenser. The left hand is very blurry with fingertips behind the logo on the bottom left.
The biker head and body is blocking the first white column on the right side of the building in the picture.
the shadow of the woman in blue dress can be seen after the bike passed her, but her image is not vissible
The bride is laying her hands on the grooms face. Her fingers are placed below his ear.
The bride has her hand up high on the groom's neck up by his ear. The groom's left hand is a bit obscured so you can only really see his thumb.
The angled computer monitor is in front of a view of many white-framed windows.
A tablet is seen mounted onto a blue background and inside of a clear plastic case.
A flipped over mouse showing a red light.
The paper corner is at its highest position, covering the eye
The top corner of the blue package ends just below the figure's left eye
The eyes are horizontally aligned with the package but slightly blurry
There is no woman in blue visible. The man on the right is holding a camera up in line with his nose and mouth.
There is no bridesmaid or part of bridesmaid in the image.  The woman in left front with the white and black dress is looking towards the back.
Left hand cannot be seen, image is not blurry, mouth is open
The woman with the glasses on is holding her left hand up with her thumb and pointer finger looking like a gun.
Two hands are hovering above the meat with saran wrap covering the meat.
The man's left hand is flat against the pie while the right pushes the metal cutter down.
A hand and part of the cuff are visible reaching out towards the front of the cat
The white and brown cat's tails are both up and at similar hight, brown tail is not touching the top
Dog mascot has his left arm bent facing up and covering a little bit of eye
The wrestler face is turned to the left.  Right under his nose is a middle age man in a gray sweater in the audience.
The boy with the headset is facing left with an alert expression and small smile. There's a man in a white sweatshirt to his left who appears to be stretching his arms behind him and looking down.
The man is still a ways back from the motorcycle.  He is blocking the back half of it.  His left arm is near his side and the right is out front and bent
There's a motorcycle on his left, and only the bumper, no wheels, of a truck is visible.
Many people sitting playing musical instruments while one is standing and playing a saxophone. There is a yellow circle with a blue star on it on the right.
5 people playing musical instruments in dark blue outfits.  There are a couple of tree branches in the foreground that are fuzzy.
There's a saxophonist in khakis and a trombonist in a patterned shirt and jeans in the front, and a cellist, drummer and another person in the background.
The white sign in the basket  on the right is still visible with quite a bit of room on the top of the image and the top of the sign.  The basket on the left is still barely visible but the white sign in it is not visible.
There is still a little bit of room from the top of the white sign in the basket on the right and the top of image.  You can still just see the basket on the left.
The white card with text in the basket is pressed up against the top edge of the picture.
A blurred spoon handle is visible extending from the top leftmost corner at an angle, the center of the pan is blurred though.
There is a bowl of food resting in a stove or some pan. There is a blur of a spatula on the ver left side of the food and full white text is over the food and spatula.
There is no white text at the bottom of the image.  There is a tiny bit of black seen in the far upper left corner of the image where there is no plate.
There are two lines of white text that is still pretty faint at the bottom of the image.  There are small slivers of black seen in the upper left and lower left of the image.
There are 3 purple bodies on the floor.  You can see most of the person on the right who has their left knee bent and up off the floor.
The first person view is straight down a pathway.  The white lines on the ground makes three sides of a square.
There are four purple people, one is cut off on the left side and one is cut off on the bottom. In the top right corner there is a white line, just to the left of that a white line goes around a column, it cuts through a purple person laying next to the column.
T
The small dog's tail is centered toward the camera, with very little vest visible and very little of his head visible. The man in the background on the right has less shorts showing.
The woman with the grey shirt and white shorts has turned around to face the other people.
The girl in camo is bent over. The orange thing she's trying to eat is right in front of her eye.
There is picture overlay.  The main picture is of a person with a blue outfit on and the faded picture is three people standing.
There is no picture overlay.  The picture is of a person in blue outfit.  You can also see only one eye of the person over the person in blue's left shoulder.
The man in the woman's costume is talking with his mouth open.
The woman in black pants has her left knee bent, her right leg is straight. There is a middle size gap between her legs, but both legs are in the frame.
The hand is not visible, but the hand's shadow is just to the right of the bowl.
There is no hand visible. The corner to the top right of the bowl is lit up a bit.
There are two fingers at the top of the image placing a red item on top of the peeled potatoes inside the stainless steel bowl.
The tall man in yellow and blue is in the middle.  The text on his shorts are just above the bottom, not cut off.
A guy wearing green is almost off the screen. A guy with a white hat is right behind him.
The woman's hand is right at the edge of the image, but still fully visible.
The woman on the far left has only a couple of fingers showing up to her ear with no phone showing.
the boy is center of the picture and there is about 80% of the womens face showing and no hands
The black wrestler's left knee is just about to leave the mat.  The ref's right leg is almost completely blocking the entire bottom of the grey wrestler's body.
The person is pointing to and touching the bowl of flour with their index finger.
About three quarters of the bowl of chocolate chips are shown and you can see a hand about to reach towards that bowl.
Her mouth and nose are showing.
A bit of the woman's chest is still seen on the far left of the image.  You can't really see her face anymore.
Only an arm of the woman can be seen on the lower left corner of the image.  Half of the white toilet on the far right can be seen.
There is a person on the left side of the image in a greyish suit.  The left arm of that person is just starting to get cut off on the left side of the image.
The tallest man at the top of the group only has his chin shown.
There is a person with a plaid suit jacket on on the left side of the image.  That person has their arms up over their head.  You can still see both hands clearly but the left hand is just touching the left side of the image. .
Freddy's hand is visible bursting through the chest of a person with two outstretched fingers.
The spatula is large and on the left center. There is a lot of white in the pan. The bottom text is at the center of the spatula and to the right.
You can't see the handle of the wooden spoon at all and the spoon is covering the entire upper left hand part of the picture.
A high overhead shot of 7 people playing cricket. There is one of the people wearing a white cowboy hat.
Three people playing cricket.  One person is batting.  There is a sign with green and blue text on the left middle of the image.
There are three players and the one in the middle has his leg bent in an awkward position with his foot pointing left and his arms to our right.
Right spoon is above bowl slightly but has a green leaf stuck to the center of the spoon and that piece touches the top of the picture.
Both spoons are deep in the lettuce and right hand is only visible with thumb straight.
The first woman has her finger extended and it looks like it is touching the chin of the woman next to her.
The gift is right below the chin of the girl in the middle. It is not covering her chin. Her neck is not fully exposed.
The woman still hasn't begun to open the present yet.  She has started to move her left hand slightly up the side of the present.
Man driving a car, the windshield wipers are not visible.
A person driving a car.  Only one windshield wiper is seen.
A person driving a car.  Both windshield wipers are seen.
The woman is looking up and to the right with neither of her hands visible and slightly open lips
Her lips are pursed and her gloved right hand obscures her right, lower face in blurry darkness.
A hand is over her right eye and has her mouth like she is about to whistle
The lettering on the handle is in focus and the brush is resting just above the top left of the nail
Applicator is poised midway above the all-white nail, so it's brush points to the center of that nail.
The picture is not very blurry. There is a red curved shape at the bottom left corner. The front tire of the bicycle is not visible.
Only the man's chin is at the top. The image is very blurry and showing doubles.
The person's chin is not visible but the button up or collared area is just cut off from view. The person's hand is visible but some fingers extend past the bottom of the image.
The girl's head is a little more than halfway in the frame. Her left hand is also only halfway in frame.
The girl's left hand is in a claw shape with fingers pretty blurry. Just a tiny amount of hair is cut off at the left side of the image.
The pink character is right in the middle of the picture. There is purple smoke on the left side from the bottom corner to half way up.
There is white text at the bottom.  The character is looking to the left with a small part of the blue glowing on the left.
A swan is sitting in a nest.  It is looking to the left with its beak tucked under its wing.  Only half of the beak is visible.
The bird faces forward, is leftward as we view it and large shadowed leaves are visible in the foreground, the bird's reflection is visible in the water.
White swan swim left side in the river and some dry woods are in the front of the river.
Black and white picture. All but one of the numbers in the time stamp are the same number.
The picture is still black and white.  Her right arm is held very straight with no bend in it at all.
You can barely see the boy's stocking cap on the far left hand side of the image.  You can no longer see his arm.
The boy with the stocking cap is gone from the image.  You can still see both of the legs of the woman who has plaid pants on.  You can also still see most of her face but it is very blurry.
Less blurry picture with her face, including her mouth, showing.
The girl is starting to turn to her right.  You can only really see her nose and one of her eyes.  No mouth is seen.
The girl is turned to the left with her hair covering all of her face.  The logo on her green hoodie is still visible.
can't see any of the girl's face, and her foot is down behind the boy
The girl's eyes are obscured but at least one toe on her right foot can be seen
The black curved line that is present in all pictures on the left hand side of the picture is cutting right down the middle of the red, yellow, and white object.  The faint rectangle in the lower center is still all the way pointing into the water.
You only see the woman at the table.  The water bottle on the counter behind her is not present.
A 99% white owl is facing towards the right of the image with its eyes closed
White owl, black specks on body, background is cage with green and orange dark foliage.
A snowy owl looking off to the left.  It is on a piece of wood with an all black background.
You can just see half of the headlight of the motorcycle on the far left while seeing all of the large buildings in the back.
There are three motorcycles, the one on the left is almost out of the picture. There is a  police car completely between the left and middle motorcycle. The building in the background is barely touching the left edge of the picture.
A man is looking down with none of his hands visible and only a sliver of his left arm flesh exposed
The man hasn't taken a sip and you can just see the very top of the water bottle.
his mouth is close to the water bottle but not touching it
The person is placing a tile, with its top left corner covered by the surface he's placing it in
You can see three whole people in the shot and a bit more that half of another person on the far left.
You can just start to see the bleachers on the left side of the image. There is a blue basketball player with his hand close to the ball and a ref in back of him.
The boy in blue is facing two white players to the left. The ball is closer to the floor than to his hand.
The red end of the text icon touches the inside edge of the spoon.
The spoon is on the left hand side of the picture and is maybe 1/4 submerged.
There is a tub of yellow and white cleaning wipes visible.
A kitchen with a microwave on the left, a stove in the middle, and a frig on the right.  A potholder is hanging on the refrigerator.
A picture of a stove with a pot on top.  The light is on over the stove.
There are 1.5 wooden planks showing to the woman's left and you can see the logo in full on her jacket.
Her eyes are closed and she has her mouth slightly open and you can see both top and bottom teeth.
the girl looks to her left, with her face slightly turning left from facing the camera
A woman with a red cardigan is seen looking at the man with a blue jacket's cellphone as he extends his arms with it.
A man in flannel stands near two men sitting down.
A girl with long blond hair and hoop earing wearing a black hat stands while a red headed girl stares at her.
You see two blurry green grass peices connected on the top left, The top edge you can see two green grass pieces. The left one is pointing to the bottom right corner, the littlest one is pointing down.
two men are standing over a table of food and the chef is about to drink from a yellow container
Bill Murray on left, head back drinking something yellow. Letterman on right watching him
You can no longer see any of the man's face on the right.  The person on the far left's body has completely come into view.
You can clearly see another hand of the person on the right in the very foreground of the picture. The fingers of the hand on the far right are not really blocking the person in blue in the background.
Two fingers are covering the man in blue in the back.
You can just see the girl's closed left eye and she is putting on the blindfold.
The girl's left eyebrow is still visible but the eye has been covered up by the blindfold.
The text at the bottom of the image is found between the pink dress of the person. Neither end of the text is covering anything but the pink dress.
The largest amount of the couch behind the girl can be seen. None of the green, pink, and white object can be seen at all.
No blood is seen on the floor.  The person with the gun is still inside the room and the window takes up the right 2/3rds of the upper part of the image.  You can still see the right wall on the right side of the window.
No gun or checkerboard is visible.
The man's arm are spread horizontal and his leg are straight.  The image is clear, not blurry.
You can finally see the man's entire body who is coming in from the left side of the picture.
You can only see the very edge of the red bat handle at the bottom.
The girl is swinging at the piñata. Only half of the bat can be seen.
The knife is just starting to touch the middle pepper but no slice has been made yet.
A red vegetable is beng cut, and the sceen shows some direction.
The knife is touching his top knuckles as he's almost done cutting the peppers.
A child with an orange and brown costume has a bat against the left side of a backpack on a larger person in a costume. The child's right hand is open and is reaching towards the left side of the butt of the larger person.
The man with the umbrella is looking up while the woman on the right's shoulder is aligned with the edge of the image.
Just the tip of the man's nose appears to be touching the stem of the umbrella
the white object on the woman in jean shorts seems to be aligned with the pointing finger
The girl is sitting down and facing the left. Left arm is on the table and only the fingers of the right hand are on the table.
Just the top edge of the white lid of the coffee cup is visible in the bottom left.
The person in the foreground on the right has brought their bag up and is completely blocking most of the person who is wearing a white shirt in the background.
The person is just starting to look down, you can still see all of her face.
The woman in the white hat is facing left, you can see her profile. The black hat is covering part of her cheek. You can see the end of the nose and the mouth of the person in the black hat, their sunglasses are mostly covered by the hat brim.
There is a brighter twig in the shot.  All of a sudden the flames all started to go higher off of the lighter twig into the image.
The person's pointer finger is completely covering the thumb.
About a quarter of the thumb is visible over the index finger while the pinky is not visible at all.
The man is in contact with the dog and he has two fingers that are sticking out to the side.
There is a picture of a package of rolls in the center. The boy in the white shirt is holding up a sandwich.
There is no red picture of bread in the image.  You can only see one eye of the man on the left and you can see nearly his entire nose.
The man on the left is cut right down the middle of his face.  You can see one eye clearly and one nostril on his nose.
The man faces audience with right hand made into fist, held above the right of his chest.
A man has closed fist by his right cheek
Her face is turned toward the front. Her eyes are cut down toward the left corner, mostly closed. Her mouth is open. Her hand is visible right by her left arm.
Eyelids are lowered. She is facing the lower left corner, and her mouth is open in an "o" shape. In the lower left corner, she's holding something and you can see her blue fingernails.
The baby's eyes are visible but a cloth covers its cheeks are the right nostril
the tissue is covering most of his face including his eyes
The woman's right hand can be seen clearly on the baby's head
The groom is ever so slightly to the left of center of the image and half of one eye of the bridge is visible
Bride and groom are kissing, the left hand from bride only has thumb and part of index finger showing
Both eyes are visible on a woman but the part of the purple swirl touches them.
The woman face is fully visible with nothing covering the eyes
A girl wearing a pink shirt holds a yellow ring around her knees.
a blurry girl kneels down while one blurry girl is standing up with black shirt visible
Yellow circle on ground, girl in pink is crouching to jump out of it. Girl in white behind her is visible
There is only one complete image of a woman licking her finger. The image is clear with no blur.
There is some slight image overlay.  A woman is mostly seen licking her finger and another image is very faintly coming in.
The two images are overlapping showing a statue's head over the women's eye.
All you can see of the person is a pair of shoes at the very top center of the photo.
The person away from the camera has completely disappeared.  All you can see is a portion of the rack on the floor
No feet are visible. The metal object is in the air with no black space other than the metal object. Two horizontal bars on the object are visible.
The spoon and hand are centered in middle of the bowl, most.
The two men with glasses are looking in the direction of the man to their left
You can't see the right part of the sunglasses of the woman sitting.
There are two men laughing, wearing black baseball caps. The man in the middle has his hands in mid air about to clap.
The very front of the bus has just passed the streetlight on the far side of the street.
The very top part of the streetlight is still visible on the far side of the street as the bus drives past it.
The schoolbus side view mirror is blocking a bit of the left windows on the house. The front edge of the bus is behind the garage, not in line with the garage.
Most of the yellow glove can be seen on the left side, while the glove on the right side can't be seen at all.
Just the yellow piece of paper in front of the blue sweatshirt.
Only about three colored strings visible, and the two kids at bottom are crouched on the ground with faces unseen.
Red tong is blurred and directly in the center, pointing down.
The lettuce is wrapped into a cone shape.
The left index finger and thumb are curved around a small piece of lettuce resting on right hand.
You can see four sausages. The ring is very blurry due to the movement. The fork is still far away from the sausages.
the fork is right inside the pan touchin the side of the pan
Camera man's ear is visible but still closest to left edge of image.
There is a person who has just appeared on the far left side of the image. You can only see a bit of his face but nothing he is carrying.
There is a man on the left side of the image who is carrying trays.  You can only see the front part of the three trays.
The two large stack on the tray is seen, but the small bowl is not.
The spoon is very visible and is in the center of the pan.
The spoon is covered with potatoes but you can still see some of the side of the spoon. It's all in the center of the pan.
A woman with wide eyes has her arms up at a 45 degree angle. Her right arm is blocking her chin and part, but not all, of her mouth.
The person's nose in the foreground is just above the right side of the window of the camper in the far background.
The person's nose is right at the corner of the camper door in the background, but not yet touching it.
the screen buttons are a light teal color.
A person is standing in front of a touch screen. The screen is white with just a row of green tabs at the very top.
No hands are visible on the steering wheel.
The right hand has appeared on the steering wheel.  The hand is lined up with the text on the white wall in front of the car.
The right hand is on top of the steering wheel.  The hand is roughly lined up with the truck in the far distance.
The spoon is stuck in a little above the center of the mug with chocolate covering the bottom third of it
The man in front has his hand on the grey suit guy's back. There is a clear piece of paper in his hand.
There is a small black line sticking up low on the left side, not the corner, the side.
The microphone is blocking a lot of the singer's mouth.  You can see his his right hand but not all of his fingers.  Only the thumb of his left on the guitar.
The singer's mouth is partially blocked by the microphone.  The mouth is clearly open.  You can see a few fingers on the left hand on the neck of the guitar. The right hand is not visible.
A close up of the singer from the shoulder up. His mouth is open.
The man has his eyes and mouth totally closed.  He is looking down and slightly to the left.
The man is looking down with mouth making a whistling pose.
His eyes are closed and his head is slightly tilted towards the left. His right ear is barely visible. His mouth is slightly parted, but not in an o-shape.
There is no spoon.
You can see the spoon on top of the cake in the icing is almost spread all over the cake
The girl in pink on the right has the back of her hair flung above her head.
The camera is angled so it seems its looking from below them up. The person in red has one arm bent besides their body and can see the sky between the elbow and body. The kid's bodies are facing to the left.
The spoon is just right of center, and the convex side is facing to the right.
Dog costume's face cannot be seen, both arms splayed out
There are chopped carrots, tomatoes and some green herbs in a bowl.
There are some raw shrimp on top of a bunch of veggies yellow grains in a pan.
A close up view of the salsa only with a small black area on the top right corner. No visible utensil or bowl.
The hand on the right side of the picture has the thumb at the upper corner of a red and white zig zag strip of the ribbon.
The person's right hand is just below a section of the ribbon that is white and red striped.
The person's right thumb is behind a section of the ribbon that is red and white striped.
Two boys with both feet slightly lifted to begins the walking process. There is a white column in the background align next the the boy's face with the red bookbag.
Both of the boy's right heels are on the ground while the left feet are all the way on the ground.  All feet can be fully seen.
There is lots of overlay with both pictures approximately equal in how well they are shown.
The girl in white in the back seat has her mouth open in a somewhat surprised expression
Only the right ear of the guy in back can be seen. Guy in front has mouth closed
The woman with the glasses on the right is looking directly at the camera.
A smiling woman in a black and gold dress with a black bead necklace
Full body of woman can be seen as she is posing in a room with yellow wall behind her.
A lady with glasses smiling with no teeth showing and what appears to be blue suspenders.
a single jockey in the front, about to turn left behind the bend, another jockey to his left just starts to come out into the picture
The rider in pink's horse is fully visible.
You can see the entire ball that is on the ground on the far left side of the image.
The ball in the air is positioned so you can't see any words or graphics on the ball.
You can see part of the teacher's arm on the left hand side of the picture and she is looking towards her class and not at the camera.
The motorcycle helmet is completely off and you can first see the person's mouth.
The motorcycle helmet is off and the person's right hand is blocking almost his whole face.
The very tips of the 4th line of black text is just barely starting to be seen at the very bottom of the image.
The person's right thumb is right by the upper right corner of the object he is holding in his left hand.  His left thumb is totally blocking the text on the top of the object.
The right hand is at the bottom half of the phone case under the picture of the face.
In the target all of the animals are looking to the left. The rabbit on the far right has it's head just about even with the rabbit next to it.
A hand on the right is about to pet the bunny furthest to the right side
The preacher's left hand is facing away from him palm out and up as his mouth is open.  The image is slightly blurry
The brides hands are up beside her face.
All but the very back of the bun on the back of the flannel wearing man is visible
A man in stripped hoodie has his left hand by his collar
The person's thumbnail is facing towards the camera in this closeup picture of a paper plate with a bagel on it
Thumb is close to grabbing the plate but no contact is made. Only top third of bottom bagel can be seen.
The very tiniest part of the upper bagel half is just off of the bottom of the picture.  A thumb is clearly seen next to the grill.
You can't see the nose of the boy holding the camera.  More grey than black of the boy's hat is showing.
The boy's nose is just starting to become visible.  Only one finger on his right hand can be seen.  No fingers of the left hand can be seen.
A woman in a bridal gown is facing the camera from a distance with only the arm of her walking companion visible.
The bride and father are still outside of the church.  You can't see the father's face at all but can see some of his body.
The man's face has just come into view from behind the leaves.
The spoon is off to the right not touching or covering any of the brown filling of the appetizer.
The two people wearing glasses look at each other, while the person without glasses looks toward them and the girl with glasses on her head doesn't hold a cup.
The girl in the black shirt is looking down and to the left.
the guy on blue with glasses on is looking at the ground behind him, no one is seen in the background
A bowl of olives is being poured into the vegetables and is touching a pile of herbs
There is text at the bottom of the screen, and the person is in the process of dumping black beans into the bowl, with beans pouring out - half on the salad.. The bowl they are holding is not yet empty.
no writing is present, as olives is added to the plate ad the empty plate is lifted up
The right hand is pinching the front side of the box, with middle and ring finger extended. The left hand is making a C shape.
A girl has her head facing slightly to the right with raised eyebrows, while her left hand is raised roughly to the level of her mouth
there is a girl looking at the camera and you can not see her hands
A woman her hand raised to side and mouth is closed.
The image is very blurry. The bride's head is about in the center of the picture. The groom's shoulder is overlapping her shoulder and a bit of her side body.
You can see a man's face over the groom's right shoulder.  There is very slight blur in the image.
You can see a man's face over the groom's right shoulder.  The image is clear with no blur at all.
The woman's left hand is visible but her eyes are cut off.
There are 2 yellow balls in the water, one at the bottom left and another near the.paddles of the canoers are facing straightt corner and the other near the canoe. The  up with the bottom of their paddles in the water
There is a yellow square thing behind the back the the rower which is right above the yellow ball. Both rowers are facing towards the right of the picture.
The sign with a yellow stripe above three objects on it is the furthest thing to the bottom left of the wall visible
There is a wall full of pictures and the back of a man in a white shirt on the right.
a medium distance shot of two women in a street with a lady in the background in red pants with her left leg behind her right leg walking
The black shirt hanging on the left is touching the edge of the frame.
You can't see the shoes on the girls but you can see their legs.
There is a blender toward the front center of the bowl, mixing items that are mostly stuck on the mixing parts
Most of the truck is in the sunlight. It is driving on the wrong lane under a traffic light.
A cop is talking to a man with his thumb up.
The picture is the most zoomed out and the man on the right has his hand open with the thumb mostly pointing straight up.
The man's forehead is visible but his hairline is not
There is no green hose visible at all on the left side but the man's hair is showing a bit at the top.
The man in the middle is leaning slightly forward with an outstretched arm and his mouth is open
Three men are standing in a group. The man in the middle has his right arm straight out touching the chest of the man on the left. His hand and fingers are visible. The man on the right has his mouth open.
All three men are standing up straight. One number is partially visible on the back of the man on the right, only one and only bits of it.
Woman all the way to the left has the right side of their sunglasses cut off by the frame. You can't see any of the right sunglass frame.
You can see the person's right hand only on the far right and can still see the side of her face but no sunglasses are present.
Only a little bit of the left thumb can be seen next to the camera
The left hand has its thumb, index and middle finger in view. The ring finger barely shows up. The hand forms a 'c' shape besides the camera.
The blue object in their hands is at the top right corner of the bowl. The mixture in the bowl still looks very marbled.
the blue hat on the head of the girl on the right is the closest to touching the top of the image
The woman in the middle is almost fully upright.  Her left hand is right at the neck of the woman sitting in the background who has a blue top on.
The woman on the right is fully upright.  Her left hand is directly above the woman's head who has a blue top on in the background.
The picture is not very blurry. Five people are shown. Something red and yellow is visible on the back of the person in the bottom center.
The man in blue has kicked the ball and it has disappeared from view.  You can see the man's entire body coming in from the left who is wearing a striped jersey.
Her hand is on her chest.  Her mouth is in an O shape.
The little girl in the blue dress is smiling with her eyes closed. The blue balloon she is holding is covering her right eye.
The dog mascot's right eye is barely visible but it's nose is hidden.
The dog's ear is barely covering the right corners of the second house window on the back.
The dog mascot is sticking its hands out straight towards the sides of its body.
The dog mascot has its hands out at 90 degree angles from its body and the red hat is not very visible.
The girl in blue is sitting on the left of the kid in the cap and you can see some of the back of her head as she looks down
You can see both of the boy in orange's hands for the first time.
One hand is blurred and curled over the center of the bowl, and the spoon is so blurred it's not really visible.
A blurred hand is almost perfectly centered above, inside, the bowl.
A grey helicopter flying in the air facing to the left and slightly angled up.
The blue and orange helicopter is flying in the cloudy skies.
Grey helicopter on the ground facing the right side of the picture.
The woman is looking forward at the camera but has her eyes closed. The soda can in her hand rests against her face and covers her chin from view.
Women's eyes are looking left but face is straight with can tilted sideways slightly by mouth.
The girl is looking to the left and the edge of the can is almost touching her chin. She has her pinky finger sticking out.
The writing in the corner is fully visible an there is no hands in the image.
The fingers on the right hand have just reappeared on the right hand side.
The girl is looking fully to the right.
A woman is seen with a slight closed smile and her eyes nearly closed
the kid in orange is sticking his tongue out towards what he's eating while the other two kids appear to be taking bites
You can clearly see the number on the cake in front of the boy in green for the first time.
You can clearly see the first word of cursive text in red on the white circle next to the number on the cake
The yellow logo at the lower right corner is cut off right at the middle.
The hand of the man is at a 45 degree angle with the bottom of the image.  His mouth is in the process of opening
His hand rises up in front of his arm pit, held flat, palm visible.
Can see his right hand and fingers clearly with their gaps.
A dark overall shot that is mostly grey in color.  There is a gun that is pointed to an opening in a wall in the distance.  There is a blueish light on the far right side of the image.
The gun is turned sideways at the very bottom of the picture.
No gun is visible. You see the entrance to a warehouse with a crack in the right wall.
The woman's right hand obscures the top 1/3 of the oblong yellow platter on the grill side as she holds aluminum foiled item just to the right of the grill's surface.
The blue square on the wall to the upper left is completely visible. Three of the dogs legs are visible.
The dog is visible at the very edge of the bottom center, one leg is slightly visible, the others are cut off.
Almost all of the flour is covered by the fist and the left thumb can be seen clearly as well.
the boy's glasses are visible but not the top of his head
The boy in the striped shirt is leaning against a mattress. The boy's head and hair can be all seen.
The lighting is very dark. The man on the far right has his hand in front of the mouth of the man next to him.
The boy in a white T-shirt has his hands together which are under a shadow. At the same time, the girl furthest to the left has her hands down on her lap.
The person on the far right has his eyes closed.  His mouth is slightly open and you can see his teeth.
the child's reaching hand is roughly level with where his chin would be
The boy's backpack is completely turned to us. There is a small bit of green showing under the white patch on his backpack, between the patch and the bottom of the picture.
The boy is hanging a poster with his back to us. Only a tiny part of his left arm is visible. His right hand is covering most of the dalmation's nose and all of its left eye.
The dog on the right has taken his hands away from his face and are at chest level palms facing inward toward his body. .
only the white measuring cup is visible but not eh hand holding it, while the fingertips of the hand holding the yellow object are visible
You can't see the pink handle on the white pan. You can still see most of the white pan.  The yellow bowl is tipped toward the camera.
The middle glass is on the table.  You can still see fingers on the edge of the glass but just barely.
The woman on the left side of the image has her left hand pointed straight up at the ceiling.
There is a bright light in the upper left corner of the image but you can still clearly see all of the woman's body.
There is a pink hexagon from the lighting in front of a man sitting on a red chair.
The image is tinted very red, but there is not much blood on the screen yet, and it says 130 on the screen.
The picture that looks the reddest and most bloody.
The sign with orange text on the far left can't be seen at all anymore.  The very top of the red sign at the top center of the image is cut off but you can clearly see all of the text.
The person's thumbs are touching each other.
The fingers of both hands are touching the red car in the middle, the car is visible you can see the eyes on it.
The person is gripping an object in both hands.  The left and right hands appear to be roughly at the same level with each other.
Only 2 women can be seen, and the woman on the right is facing directly toward the right side of the image.
you can see the girl in sunglasses but not her hands, and then the edge of one other persons hair and arm
You can only see one person.
Some football players in white jerseys moving to the right in the foreground.  Some others with dark jerseys are at the right side of the image in the background.
A team with light blue jerseys and white helmets playing a team with dark helmets and darker blue jerseys. There are five players with light blue jerseys on.
There are two light blue players on the ground and two dark blue players standing.
A woman is centered with a smug expression on her closed mouth. The only background items are part of her chair and a plant.
A close up shot of a woman sitting.  The image has just gotten brighter.  She is looking at the camera and her mouth is slightly open so you can see a couple of teeth.
A close up shot of a woman sitting.  Her mouth is closed and her face is straight up and down and not leaning at all
The back of the woman is shown.  The bracelet on her right hand is by her hip. Her left arm is away from her body.
The girl's left foot is only touching the ground, the shoes are overlapping, and one pink sole is showing.
The girl's left foot has it's sole facing directly to the right.
You can see the child on the left's left full eye and the blue wrapping paper is slightly clear standing up and the front edge
The boy's lips are puckered as he opens the gift and the girl's eye is only partially visible.
the girl on blue both eyes cannot be seen, but her tooth is visible, with the boy on green left arm slightly covering the red logo on the orange boy's shirt
The flour, eggs and batter bowls are all visible, with more of flour bowl visible than the batter bowl.
The bowl of flour is one third visible and the chocolate bowl is not quite fully visible while the eggs are fully visible.
Both bowls can be seen evenly, four fingers are spread behind bowls
The Blue bag in foreground is center most.
The man's left hand is not touching any part of the pepper, and his four fingers are mostly curled under, and they're mostly blurry.
The middle slice of the pepper, on the cutting board, is being grabbed.
Though obscured from view, the right hand appears to be grasping the edge of the plate of red onions. The left hand's thumb only is visible on the rim of the metal bowl.
A group of orca whales swimming with each other.
An orca's fin and right "eye" is seen. The orca is facing right and a smaller fin is in front of it.
one orca in the center, swimming to the left, and just a fin of another one next to its mouth
The animal's nose is just on the dividing line down the middle of the wall that separates a lighter and darker side.
The baby kangaroo face is clearly seen, not too blurry, with only a small part of the ear missing.
You can fully see the tattoo on the woman's right arm for the first time.
The woman's face is not visible at all, but her shoulders are.
The flower the boy is holding is positioned just below and to the right of his chin
His eyes are closed, mouth open and some bottom and top teeth visible.
The guy's eyes are open and looking forward.
A very stip of the man's face is visible in the to corner, and the woman is looking down at something with the top of her hair off frame
The woman is looking down as a man whose nose is visible leans over.
A shot of a purple table on a blue floor with another image partially superimposed over it
The only people visible are two blurry heads above the bottom edge and a very blurry person sitting on the left.
The blue outline on the left of the man is extending past the top of the screen.
The woman looks like she has both hands on the plate, and her rings on her right hand are facing forward the most. There is only a small space between the top edge of the foil and the plate.
Both hands are holding a yellow plae with vegetables, evenly over aluminum foil.
This image is a sink or pan full of water and shredded chicken.  In the far upper right hand corner, you can see something red.  No hands are obvious in this image.
No hands are in the picture and you see the facet running on the right side of the picture.
Half of the woman's fingers are visible and she is holding something tight in her hands.
A picture of a green tent on the left of the image.  Three total people are in the shot.
4 total people are seen.  3 are sitting and another with a striped shirt is standing over them.
Man in a red coat facing the back of a blue car with the trunk open and stuff all around him.
4 rows of the crowd are at least partially visible underneath 5 fully visible letters in gold/yellow
The last three letters of the text on the left are still visible.
The first word and the first letter of the text above the man at the desk are light in white.
A woman in yellow is lying on the floor with her feet pointed down
she is laying almost flat on the ground, her leg is bent upwards at a 90 degree angle
The girl is down on the ground. Her leg is bend and the heel of this leg is next to her butt.
The woman's right pinky is touching the yellow plate while the rest of the fingers hover over the green beans.
A woman's right hand is clasping greenbeans with no thumb showing and other hand gripping on left.
The left hand is taking vegetables off a yellow plate.
There is a bridge visible on the right side of the image. The bottom of the bride's dress is cut off by the bottom edge of the image.
Only very little liquid is visible in the bottom left corner of the container
There is no picture overlay.  The white cream is starting to cover the bottom of the blue stuff in the bottle and you can see a little sliver of blue at the bottom
The white cream is covering up half of the blue stuff in the bottle with some of the white cream looking slightly darker.
The girl's mouth is wide open and you can see her top teeth.  No blue balloon is seen on the right.
the girl is biting her lip and the blue balloon is not visible.
A man near a microphone facing towards the upper right corner.  It is very dark and the man looks very red.
The man is holding up a fish with a proud expression. The fish tail is swinging right. The man's nose and mouth are clearly visible, but his arm is blocking part of his right cheek and eye..
The white watch on the hand to the right is just barely visible at the bottom of the image.
A slightly blurry person looks upwards and to the right while golf clapping
Man is looking up to the left, right hand fingers are at the palm of left hand like he is about to clap
The man has his eyes closed.  His mouth is open and the head is looking slightly to the left side of the picture.
The girl in grey and the girl in flannel are both turning their heads towards the camera while their bodies are oriented away from it
Girl in grey hoodie has fruit directly below mouth and legs spread out
Several young girls are trying to eat something tied on a string. A girl in a blue jacket seems to have succeeded and is standing back with something in her mouth and is starting to raise her right arm.
The man's head is seen in the left center of the image.  The woman's nose on the right can still barely be seen.
The right side of the man's head is right next to the black women in the white robe.  The left side is covering the face of the woman on the far left but not her hair.
There are two visible frames, with the woman's head cut off at eye level.
the screen is evenly seperated, at the top you part of her open chest area, no head or neck area, while the bottom you can see her head, no other body part other than her shoulders
Image is split in two. On the bottom, the bowl is facing her and her moth is open. On the top, her head is not visible, only her red apron and knife hovering over the bowl.
The man in the black tee in the middle has his left hand inline with shoe of the man in a black sweater behind him.
the elbow of the woman in purple in the left bottom corner is slightly cut off
The person in purple in the lower left corner, their left arm is fully visible. Behind the person in purple there are 2 people in black fully in the picture but on the very edge of the left side.
No traffic signs in the picture. You can see two wood log poles on the left.
You can clearly see the number on the sign, but it is hard to see the words. Almost right next to the sign.
The lights in the background are off, the woman on the left can be fully seen and a present on the left can just barely be seen.
A screen on a black phone with a keyboard at the bottom.  There is a clock with hands on the screen.
A white keyboard in the front with a lit up phone screen behind it on a wood table.
7 little candles are in front of an altar with an orange/yellow glowing thing in front of it
Picture is not blurry, it is looking straight. There are columns on both sides and a row of pews on each side. There is a round thing in the front with a white cross on top.
Three windows are seen with light coming in them.  Another light is seen at the top left hand corner.
At top, three visible fingers hold the item, and three fingers are visible by the bottom pointed edge of the item.
child's hand and package being held are blurriest here.
His hands are furthest and right hand is hidden behind his head.
The blue object has been removed from the chocolate object for the 2nd time.  There is no overlay.
The person's ring is highest to to the top of the image.
There are two people visible. Both are looking to the left with a window visible by the boy. The words on the boy's shirt is visible.
The man in the white shirt has just completed his turn and is looking out the window.  You can see his left arm but can't see any of his right arm.
There is a man in a white shirt looking out the window.  You can see both of his arms
A persons two fingers are all we are able to see of them here.
no photographer hand in the picture the little girl's hand touches the bottom
a women is standing at a counter with her eyes closed and hand in front of her with finger pointing straight up. hand is blurry and in center of her chest
The woman faces forward, mouth open and top teeth visible. Eyes are half open but clearly visible.
The woman is looking directly at the camera and speaking. Both rows of teeth are visible. Neither hand is visible.
The envelope is turned at an angle, so that it is being curved, and not fully straight, but standing up between two pinched fingers.
Two hands playing an organ with two levels of keys.  The right hand is on the higher level and the left hand is on the lower level.
A piano is seen in purple light.  No hands are seen on the piano.
The piano is on the left. The arms playing it is tan with a white shirt.
Kitchen with a black and white checkerboard tile floor.
A white room with a wood floor with a black column on the right.  A green plant hanging on the wall is on the far left side of the image
There is a sculptural red chair with a red footstool in a room with wood floors and speakers on either side of the television.
Both utensils are barely being inserted into the bowl while the persons right pinky finger is being cut off of the image.
The salad is not tossed and the tongs are deep in
The woman on the right is looking at the object in her hand for the first time.
The woman on the right is looking at the object.  Her right hand is in a claw shape and is near her hair.
A very close up shot of a chicken's head.  The chicken has white feathers only.
A picture of a chicken with dark feathers.  You can only see one eye of the chicken and it is facing to the left of the image which has a grey background.
A rooster's head is facing our right. You can see its tail and a green background out of focus behind it.
The man is looking left with pouty lips.
A man who is looking down and has his mouth slightly open so you can see his bottom teeth.  The man's right arm is being slightly blocked by the circle in the lower left corner.
A man looking down with his mouth and eyes closed.  You can see the entire screen in the back of the man with very little wall showing on the far left.
The front of the yellow object on the man's head is visible as he stands back up
just legs and one foot showing, both feet on ground,  one foot hidden by the circle target item
Can only see the guy's legs as he walks. One foot is planted on the ground. The other foot is about to finish the step.
All but the shoulder of the bride's left arm is off frame and the groom is blurry and his hands are adjusting his tie
The groom's nose can't be seen, and his hands are touching his bow tie.
The woman on the left is very, very blurry. Her veil is just barely touching the top of the image
A yellow apple with the stem pointing to the upper right corner.  It is on a dark surface.
A mostly red apple that is being held by a person. You can clearly see the person's thumb on the left side.
There is a red and yellow apple with a large, yellowish, apple-shaped spot on the front.
The woman is looking at the camera with her eyes and mouth open.  You can just barely see some top teeth.
The woman's eyes are wide open and her mouth is slightly open which makes it look like she is surprised about something.
The woman's eyes are closed, her mouth is open showing top teeth and her eyebrows are high.
The picture is oriented wrong - The left hand side should be the bottom.  It is a picture of a path through trees on either side of it.
The picture is oriented wrong.  The right side should be the bottom.  The picture is of blossoming trees and the blossoms are white.
An upside-down image of a cloudy sky, mountains and trees.
The girl and red hat person are a bit away from each other, around half an arm length away.
A blurry couple, one with a pink hat, is dancing very close. You can see the girl's face in profile.
The male dancer in the red hat is covering his partner face, there is blurry blond hair and a shoulder at the bottom right.  The woman in the bikini is fully visible.
Some men that are on a jet-ski.  You can just see some black text on the boat over the left shoulder of the man in black but you can't read the entire word.
The very right edge of the text on the boat is still covered up by the driver of the jet-ski.
a bright white blurry picture with what appears to be a tree to the very left partially off frame
A woman is walking down the aisle.  There is a man to her right side (picture's left) that is holding a baby and he just put his head down to look at the baby.
The pinky finger of the woman in the center front is bent at a 90 degree angle, but it is not touching her face.
The bride is left of center in the "door-frame" and is not overlapping any part of the frame. You can see that the man closest to us is wearing glasses. The woman next to him is touching her eye with her finger.
The leftmost piece of chicken is picked up from the white bowl.
The label of the toy is clearly visible as it points in the direction of the boy's face and the boy's hand is resting on the corner of the box.
Red motorcycle facing left.
A red motocycle facing to the right side of the picture. There is a red barn in the background.
A red motorcycle with a black seat and lots of chrome. It is parked on a concrete platform, there is a line in the concrete that runs almost directly under the center of the motorcycle. In the top right corner is a green Bush. On the other side of the motorcycle is a red curb. Beyond the red curb is some green grass.
There is a man in red on the far right side of the image.  You can see his entire body and only one hand in the air.
The man in red on the right side of the image has both hands up and out from his body.
The bull is right behind the black shirt man and he is right in front of the yellow shirt guy.
A camel that is laying on the ground.  It is facing to the left.  There is a fence in the background with leaves behind the fence. The camel is mostly in shade.
One camel facing the camera sitting in front of two trees.
The camel with two humps is laying down and facing the left. There is a horizontal metal bar fence behind it.
There are some electronics on a wood surface.  There is a small rectangular object with a black screen on the upper left part of the image.
An up close shot of an old phone with a blank screen.  The phone is oriented from the lower left to the upper right.
An older cell phone with blue keys, a flash drive, earbuds and an MP3 player.
On the very small plate at the top left a yellowish cucumberlike vegetable is most fully visible.
The very top left corner seems to vanish
This is the image that has both plates superimposed and mostly visible.
Items are just beginning to tumble from truck bed and none of boy's chin is visible.
The child has their left hand on the back of the yellow toy truck and is lifting the back of the truck to dump the toy balls on the floor.  Only three of the multicolored toy balls are on the floor, with the remainder still in the truck.  You can not see the face of the child in this photo.
The green part of the board is directly in the middle of the frame.
You can barely see the fishing pole in the man's hand as he holds a fish out in front of him at stomach level
Man is holding up fish with his left arm at about 2 o clock.
The man has a fish near his body.  Only one hand is seen.
The baby's right hand is not showing. Both hands of the child in the background are showing plainly.
They are playing Guess Who. An index finger is touching the edge of a door, as though about to close it. Only one other door is closed.
The man has curled his finger close together over the yellow bar and he is slightly smiling.
Man holds hands up above text with mouth wide open.
A non close up shot of a grey horse facing a fence
There is plastic covering the penguin who is smoking a cigarette
A baby penguin stands in front of two adult penguins with a white glacier background.
green ballons to the left with three dull penguins to the right
Both women are looking at each other with their mouths wide open.
The woman in pink has her hands together and down, only one is visible. She is looking up.
Man faces directly forward with head level, with no hands visible.
The man's mouth is in an O shape.
the picture is blurry at the top left
You can see the dog's tail completely for the first time.
The arm of the girl with the blue had is obstruction the nose and mouth of the woman in the purple shirt.
A lego batman and a black box are on the product
Lego set of some kind of battleship.
The character is facing to the left side.  Just the tips of his skis are touching the water.
white plate of fries with one very burnt one in the middle
the very edge of the woman's front arm is blocked by the white pole
A man and woman walk by a pole which obscures the whole white handle of the umbrella.
A man walks by, while a woman walks behind a pole.
A yellow SUV is parked near a crosswalk that 3 people are walking across
A narrow rustic cobblestone alley with trees visible at the end. The building on the left is brick and has a a white hanging store sign .
Three visible skyscrapers with a smaller orange building in front and mostly blue skies
This dark gray elephant has a pink design on this head and trunk.
A grey elephant with golden leaves on it.
The elephant's head is blue with peacock tail designs on it's body. There is visible text under it.
Both hands are visible and the left hand is small and moving towards the back. None of his legs are visible and it's not clear whether he's sitting or standing. The bottom edge of the right hand is cut off.
The top flap of the box has been opened and the person is reaching their hands inside the box to start to open the other flaps.
The box is fully open with each hand holding the side flaps out.
The gun is pointing right at the right side of an object that looks like a telephone booth.
The can is in the far lower right corner.
The woman is looking to the right and her mouth is completely open.  Some top teeth are seen.
The pan is empty so far but there is a hand with a clear bottle over it. There is no text below the pan.
The person is in the process of pouring the oil, and there is text at the bottom. You can see their thumb and other fingers wrapped around the jar.
The pan is covered in oil.
A man with a tattoo on his back has another man on top of him
There is a guy with a camera on the far left corner of the picture. The referee and wrestler are all down on the stage.
The man in the red shirt is walking out of frame, but you can still see his face. The top edge is cutting off the top of his head. His arm is not blocking the hubcap of the red truck.
The right ear of the person with the dark top on in the foreground can be seen. Not much of their right arm is visible.
The right arm of the person in pink can be seen but just barely.  It is very blurry.  The right arm of the person with the dark top on in the foreground can now be seen but part of it is cut off on the left.
The bagel is in the person's hand and 40% of the white plate is visible.
The person is showing the bagel to the camera.  Almost the entire plate is visible.
The is a white reflection on the bootle and the hand is not visible yet.
Only the top of the neck of the bottle can be seen. The bottom edge of the man's chin is just barely visible.
Only a very small bit of the fingernail is visible at the bottom middle.
A dirty hand is holding a black item at the bottom center of the image. You can see about three quarters of a fingernail on the hand that is holding the black item.
There is a lot of space between the two object the man is holding.  You can see almost the entire bottom object and he hasn't rotated it slightly clockwise yet.
There is a person with a blue backpack on the far left.  The edge of the backpack is still just barely visible.
There is a boy in orange at the bottom left of the image.  You can see his right arm and most of his body clearly but his left arm is off the image.  The person with the blue backpack is not see at all.
The boy's forearm is in the frame, but none of his body.
The girl's arm is extended to the right and her face is angled slightly in that direction as well with her mouth open
Her mouth and eyes are open, and you can see her tongue but very little of her teeth. Her hands are not visible. She is facing the camera
The woman's eyes are closed with her face straight forward and her mouth is slightly open with a tiny glimpse of her front teeth.
None of the purple bag in her left hand can be seen.  Her right hand and arm are right by her side.
A bit of the front of the purple bag can be seen in front of the model's body.  Her right arm is starting to swing behind her body. Her right fingers are blurry.
There is a brown pole coming out above the very center of her head. There is not a light behind her head.
The couple are just past the first empty chair. The tips of the men fingers is covered by a head.
The fingertips of the groom is right on the edge of a head at the bottom left side of the picture.
Part of the back wheel has just gone off the left side of the image but you can still see a good portion of the wheel.
The metal rim on the front wheel is mostly visible, revealing its circular shape.
The person in the center is clapping his hands but they're spaced about shoulder length apart
A tiny bit of blue is seen on the electronic sign on the upper left hand part of the picture.
The girl is reaching towards the dog with her left hand but isn't quite touching it yet.  The right hand is above the water but not quite touching it.
The girl's right hand is just touching the surface of the water. Some of her dreadlocks are flying to the left.
There are two trees behind and to the right of the person in the dog costume, one tree partially covered by his head to the left, and one tree almost out of the frame to the left.
Two people are in a red car. They are align almost vertically.
Half of the white circle on the back of the car is visible.
The man is pulling his hand back from the table and angles his body slightly towards the woman to the right of him
The man has joined the woman by her side. His left hand is near the table and his right is at his waist.
The man is looking at the camera with his left pointer finger touching the cutting board.
There is some faint white text on the lower right part of the screen.  It is faint but visible and you can read it clearly.  The text is fully on the man's grey jacket.
You can just start to see the bottom of the man's face who has a grey jacket on.
Two men, you can see both of their chins and mouths and a small part of the closest man's nose, but not their eyes.
a red/brown animal with upright ears lies in some dirt
A small animal in front of a wire fence looking almost directly at the camera.  Its tail is off to the left side of the picture.
A kangaroo facing us and squatting with his tail between his legs.
The fingers are about to close around a shot glass but the glass is still all the way on the tray.
The shot glass has just been removed from the tray.
The woman on the right has just started pulling the gift out of the wrapping but you can still see her entire face.
The item she unwrapped is covering her nose and mouth.
It looks like the goat has a pointed orange shoulder on the right.
The goat's face is very close to the camera.  It is out of focus.  Only one ear can completely be seen.
You can fully see the red dog's eyes.
Both eyes of the red dog are seen but the left eye is partially off the top edge of the image.
The boy has a surprised expression and is holding something horizontally in his left hand. Most of that hand is cut off by the right edge. The bat is almost touching the left edge.
A very bright picture of some people.  There is a very bright white light on the screen but you can still make out that there are people in the shot.
The screen is blank, no people showing, there is a large white spot on the bottom center of the screen, and a white half circle and the top center.
The screen is faded. There are two men showing, one looking forward the other looking to the right.
The girl is kissing the mule. The image is not blurry.
The girl in white is nuzzling a small horse and her head is visible but the picture is very blurry.
You can see the girl in white's shirt but her head is not visible.
There is lots of picture overlay.  The picture of the close up of the lake is almost gone and it is almost fully replace by a picture of a beach with a hut in the background.
The scene of the beach with the blue house is clear without any fading.
The top of the kid's hat is cut off at the top. The boy is kneeling.
Child is going towards the bucket, but has no hands on it yet.
the kid is streching his arm towards the pink jovel with his feet on the ground
You can read the backwards text in black on the court with just the tip of the first letter off the bottom of the picture..  A person with a blue jersey is near the last latter
There is a person in white on the far right side of the image. The left side of his body is cut off on the right but you can see his entire head.
The entire post of the tent is seen on the far right side of the image for the first time.
The woman in the foreground chin is right above the nose of the young woman sitting on the right in the front row.
The cookie is on a green table.
A single cookie with a pecan on top in the center of the image.
Four, maybe five cookies stacked on a black plate with six points and a yellow edge.
The paw print on the boy's hat is completely visible, but the badge outline is not.
The green hat on the boy is just starting to cover up the red hat of the dog in the box.
The pink circle with white text in the lower left corner is just starting to block the left hand that is flat on the table.
The pink circle that has white text is blocking a good portion of the left hand that is on the table.  The other hand's fingers are still touching the left arm.
The left hand is under a red circle with writing on it. The right hand is hovering over the elbow area of the left arm.
A person holding a crab leg with only their left hand and no other visible hands.
All you can see is the two hands holding onto the crab leg. The thumbs are almost touching each other on top of the crab leg. The picture is clear.
Two hands are pulling crab legs a part the right hand is peeling part of the shell back. A person in a blue shirt is being reflected the face is barely visible.
The character that is gray on the far left side is just touching the left edge of the image. There are no double images.
A blurry woman in the foreground has the very back of her hair slightly off frame
A woman is crossing in front of the picture with a ponytail.  The ponytail is blocking the bride's face.
The spoon is in the frosting. You can just see some purple writing to the left of his head but it's pretty faded.
The big spoon is touching the rim of the ice cream container. There is no overlay.
You can see the tongue of the man in gray.
The girl is facing right with her right arm fully extended and angled slightly backward and her left arm out straight in front of her at shoulder level.
Two thumbs on egg, no blur, bottom right blue dial has just started to be covered
The barbecue lid is mostly open with the woman's hand holding the handle. She is standing straight up while looking at the meat on the grill. The strand of hair on her face is just to the left of her mouth, not over it.
A woman is standing sideways with the left arm on a fully open grill as she looks at the food item on the grill.
The dog is no longer blocking any of the person's feet but the dog is still pretty close. The image is pretty clear with no blur
The woman is staring down to her left. Her left arm is outstretched to the left and holding onto a glass. Her right hand has all of the fingers almost perfectly symmetrically spread apart.
A woman has left hand around glass bowl that is tipped on counter forward.
She is holding a small glass jar with one hand. She is looking down with mouth open. Her other hand is reaching for a utensil.
The tip of a finger is visible on the object in the top right corner while the other hand no fingers are visible
The finger on the hand is covering up the numbers on the upper right part of the screen.  It is pointed right at the screen and not at at the black border.
The man in the lower right corner has completed his turn to look down the aisle.  He is looking directly at the woman walking down the aisle.
The bridesmaid is near the back. The female photographer standing at the back left is to the left of the tripod and has head completely turned to the back.
Three sheep are in the foreground of an image with many more sheep visible in the distance
There are seven sheep in the picture.  Six of them are facing the picture.
Large group of sheep moving to the left of the image.
The tentacle on the octopus in the foreground is very large and stretches from the bottom of the image to nearly the right side.
The pink item on the counter is fully visible.
One full hand and three fingers from the other hand are visible on the woman on the right
The liquid in the white spoon is being poured into the pot and you can see a lot of the liquid.  The spoon is tipped away from the camera.
The spoon is in front of a green area. The spoon is empty, nothing is coming out of it.
The thumb on the hand holding the towel is right above the brim of the pot. It is not touching the brim, there is a littl espace.
The ring finger of the person and the pinky is touching the brown circle on the table.
The dog's eyes are at the very top, no people's arms are visible.
You can see the very side of the red dog's eye on the right side of the image. No blue in the eye can be seen.
You can see quite a bit of the eye of the red dog in the right side of the image.  You can see some of the blue of that dog's eye.
Three men in suits are smiling in front of a column in the background, with a curly haired one with glasses in the middle
There are three men and the two on the left have white shirts on and the one on the right has a grey shirt on
Three friends standing outside by waterfall and pond.
The girl in the pink dress's head is blurry as she begins to jump up in the background
The girl in the back with the purple dress is in the air. She has her hands behind her back and is looking up and to the right.  There is a letter right next to one of the eyes of the girl in red.
The persons fist is clenched on the top left and appears to be slightly blurry.
You can see most of the person's curled hand and forearm, with bigger gaps at the top of their hand and arm
A single copper cup on a wooden table with no coaster with a black straw sticking out of it.  There is a lot in the background but it is out of focus.
A close up of the right 2/3 of a frozen drink.  There is a candle lit to the right of the drink on the table.
A traditional looking drink glass with peaches in the background.
The man is extending his arm, holding a orange ball while his other hand is on the spoon.
The person puts a small brown object completely on the table.
The person removes their hand from the object that was put on the table.
Three blurry fingers can be seen petting the animal
Man is bent over, right foot is facing 90 degrees right, blocking his left foot.
The man is reaching back toward the camera.  He is looking at the camera and slightly smiling.
a fully white lighthouse
A white and red circular lighthouse is seen.  The house where the light is kept is seen at the top.
A rusty and flaking lighthouse.  The lighthouse is circular and the large glass dome at the top is easily seen.
Both of the woman's arms who has blue on are bent far back behind her body at 90 degree angles and her left hand is on her hip.
A man sitting on a small stool looking to the right with many pineapples on the ground in the center bottom of the image.
There is a man in a plaid shirt with a piece of fruit in his hands on the right side of the image.  A few other people are seen behind him. Lots of fruit is in front of the man.
A man in a blue shirt is standing by a coconut and banana stand.
An image of some unfamiliar machinery that looks like four small wheels on the bottom connected by a gold strip.
A close up of a drill with a 3 letter word on its left.
A picture of a part of a machine.  There are three gold rods going to the left of the image and several grey rods going to the right of the image.
the woman has her left eye blocked partially by a white pole
Woman looks like she has a hook entering her mouth.
Four floating letters are visible around the red truck.
There are seven letters scattered in the picture.
A close up of a clock that you can't see the whole thing.  The time appears to be 12:05 and 17 seconds.
A circular bronze clock with roman numerals.  The time is 4:20.
A round clock in a white plastic frame. It is almost 11 o'clock.
A picture of a man sitting in front of some food with his head bent to the left.  The woman has just completely disappeared from the shot.
A picture of a cartoon man standing upright.  His hands are both near his side.
The person's head isn't visible above his ears, roughly
All of the teapots on the shelves at the bottom are visible but just barely. You don't see any of the man's eyes.
You can just barely see the corner of the man's right eye as he turns to face the camera.
The girl is holding the paper and briefcase with only her chin showing. You can't see her glasses.
The corner of the red star shaped balloon is just barely seen at the top of the image.
Most of the square shaped balloon is still seen at the top right corner of the image.  Only a small part of it is off the top edge.
A man in laying on the ground, only the foot and lower leg of the other person is visible.
A black and white picture of a house with 3 windows on teh closer building and 4 on the further, and a tower on the further building extending off frame
Old passenger type automobile.
A fire hydrant to right of house with a man in stride to left
Two lady bugs facing toward the bottom of the picture on a triangular green leaf with fuzzy white edges.
A red bug with white circular dots on its body and it is facing down and to the left. The leaves it is on are very hairy.
Two red bugs with white dots.   The one on the right is on top of the one on the left.
A truckbed with hoses and cables can be seen. There's no hand in the image, and part of the back truck gate is visible, as well as a smaller portion of the road above the truckbed.
There are a bunch of wires. A hand is reaching in from the right and just the fingers are visible.
You will see a player with his arm bent inside the circle with the ball close to the top of his head.
A ball is positioned near the top left portion of a ring in the middle of the image above a man's head.
A ball is going through the hoop and is almost touching the top of the ring.
There is a white and brown alpaca who is coming in at the bottom left corner of the image. There is a blade of a plant that is just blocking the base of its right ear and the left ear is fully visible.
The leaf is just barely touching the back of the head of the animal in the bottom left corner.
Guy on the right facing the left, walking toward house. His mouth is open as if he's talking. Back of his head is very close to right edge but not touching
The black man is very blurry but still entirely on frame
Man in yellow left hand is up over is chin.
the front of a deer is poised between two tree branches in the foreground
A male deer stands tall while two female deer graze behind him.
The deer is looking towards the right side of the picture. The shade from the sun makes it hard to see the deer's eye clearly.
The bottle on the sink is picked up by the man.
Both of the man's hand are visible. There is a spoon, pink spatula, and wire whisk on the table.
shows the logo on the center of the steering wheel in the bottom right and two of the panels of information behind it
this pic is extremely blurry and there's a big thick grey object in the center of the pic
a castle with a hedge wall in front of it and two flags, the right of which is mostly yellow
Castle seemingly surrounded by water.
The only shot where there no overlay.  The only picture is of a person looking into a camera.
The largest image has a man with a camera over one eye. You can see his forehead. A collage of other images is coming down from the top.
A 4 layer bureau sitting on a raised wooden platform
Three drawers in rectangular chest of drawers, having a center large key hole, as if for locking. Two knobs seen on each of the three drawers.
An ornate dresser that is taller than it is wide. It has 3 side by side drawers in the top row.
The post looks like it's coming out of her right shoulder with just the tiniest bit of green visible between it and her hair.
The bridesmaid has walked past the camera tripod and the bottom of her right foot is seen.
The woman in blue walking down the aisle is roughly even with a black object on the ground on the right side of the aisle.  Both of her feet are completely on the ground.
The balding man is shaking a person's hand, but it is blocked by the man in grey.
The man who is standing on the far right is shaking another man's hand.  The person who is standing on the far left has his hand on his hip.
A close up shot of several types of flowers surrounded and ridged metal object in the middle.  Other leaves hang down from off frame
Huge bouquet of pink, purple and red flowers in center, green leaves sprouting from top
Rows of flowers with bunches of bright purple in the center and bright yellow on the top left and top right.
The dalmation like costumed character has their left arm lifted and the end of their nose is obscured by their left white hand.
The dalmations left arm is swinging down in front of its jacket. The child in orange is making a fist with his left hand.
The two pieces of lettuce are held as if they form a V.
Both hands have only leaf of lettuce in them. Three fingertips are seen under the left leaf.
sheep in the snow
There are a lot of cows in a picture that has no grass or snow in it.
There is snow, cows in the background and a mule looking to its left in the center.
The person is holding a knife with one hand and a crab claw in the other.  The person is bringing the knife up off of the claw for another try.
The view has just changed to an arm that is visible but no fingers are seen.
You can only see one foot of the woman on the ground on the left hand side of the picture.
Just a picture of a box with sweets. The bottom corner is cut off. Part of the letter "H" is cut off.
The food is looked down on from above. There is no human in the frame. Most of the words and numbers in the box is visible except the very last one.
Four fingers can clearly be seen on her right hand.  Only her pointer fingernail can be seen. The other hand is not present.
Four fingers and all four red fingernails can be seen.  The other hand is not present. No eyes or ears are seen.
You can see one painted fingernail on one finger of the left hand, but no more of that hand.
The very tip of the knife is covered by the fish.  No fingers at all can be seen.
The knife is cutting into the meat with just one thumb's nail visible, the other finger's nail is not.
The knife is at the bottom of the cut, inside the hole.  The person entire index finger and part of the thumb is at the top left.
One person visible only, and he is standing at the far left.
A man in yellow shoes is standing facing right with both hands out in front of him.
An SUV is driving on the left side with a truck driving the opposite way toward the viewer. Most of the truck's front grill can be seen, but the left front light is cut off.
The SUV is right along side of the yellow and red truck.  You can still barely see the cab of the truck.
A man with a black shirt on.  His eyes are wide open in a very surprised look.  His mouth is slightly open and you can see a couple of top teeth.
A man with glasses in a cave.  There is a light over his head.
He is wearing glasses and a brown shirt. The background is dark with tiny lights going across the top.
The person has their arms bent over their head, slightly touching their hair with open hands.
The performer is standing with his arms straight down near his sides.
Side view of a mouse with white side buttons and white outline on the bottom.
Black object with silver stripes sits perpendicular to the camera. There is a cord extending from the right side.
The thumb on the right hand is tucked under the palm. The thumb of the left hand is hovering over the white plate.
The top hand has a thumb that is clearly visible and one other finger.  The rest of the fingers are off the top of the image or behind the strap. All of the fingers on the top hand are in back of the strap.
The top hand has just made a move downward.  The thumb on the right hand appears to be touching the metal piece on the belt.
A crowd in the middle of the image is touching a giant ball with outstretched hands
Girl in red dress is slightly off center to the left underneath the balloon, top of balloon is yellow, bottom is blue
The beach ball is in the air and you can see all 3 colors on the ball.  You can see text on the side of the ball and it is pointing directly to the right side of the picture.
A close up of two men, the woman behind them has her mouth closed.
You can see the entire black rectangle with text on the man with the white shirt for the first time.
The white part of the horse harness looks like half a sky cloud at the top right, not at the corner.
The white tag in the ear of the animal has just disappeared off the top of the image.
a girl squats next to a dog with the very top of her head not visible
The tip of the girl's hair is almost touching the dogs shoulder but there is a slight space in between.
his head is fully bent to the back while his face is up while taking the shut
The man has the small glass raised to his mouth. His face is facing to the left side of the image. He is not drinking it and has his mouth and eyes closed.
A man singing into a microphone with both hands on the microphone.  He is looking to the right and has two start tattoos on his right arm.
A man playing guitar.  He has a dark blue shirt on and is looking upward with eyes closed.
A singer/guitarist standing with a striped blue tank top and pink rimmed sunglasses.
The woman on the right looks forward. The girl holding the present has the present level and is sitting level as well.
You can still just see the dark surface the pink object is resting on as the image moves upward.
You can still see a lot of the pink object on the right but you can't see the dark surface that it is resting on.
The dress's white swirls take up the whole middle of the picture. There is only a tiny bit of pink visible in the bottom right corner.
The pink thing is fully visible and there is a white oval in the corner that is fully visible.
The blurry grey object takes up the top right hand corner of the screen
The black wheel is right in the middle on the top edge of the picture.
a blurry photo of a person cutting a cake with most of her arms visible
Two arms are visible with hardly any blurring. The left hand is palm up, holding something. The right hand is holding a knife. The right hand is obscured by white paper.
A person has their hand on an onion and you can see all of their fingers besides their thumb.
The onion is unsliced and the knife is off to the side away from the fingers.
The knife is most centrally placed to insert into the onion without having fully cut deeply into it yet.
The man in white's entire head can be seen and his mouth is open while talking to the man beside him.
Two men are facing each other. Man on left has a confused look. Both of their mouths are closed. Man on left looks like they have their eyes closed or barely opened.
The very bottom of the fire extinguisher on the floor is cut off on the bottom of the image. You can see the entire yellow tag on the fire extinguisher.
A storefront with a brightly colored mural to the right.
Some stairs are seen on the right.  An exit is seen with one person in front of the exit.
Darkest shadow over the guy's face in the middle. The side brown doors are closest together.
In the darker oval at the bottom you can see the two words in white clearly but you don't see the entire darker oval.
There is one finger visible on each side of the paper. Only the very top of the green design at the bottom of the paper is showing, none of the white at the bottom is showing.
A white truck with shadows covering its brake lights
There is no shadow on the truck at all. You can fully see the light post on the far left hand side of the screen.
A far away shot of the man in a suit shows him just about to be blocked by the car but still fully visible
Very distant shot. The legs of the man holding the briefcase are visible. His legs are together, he is standing still.
You can barely see the car on the right's right headlight in the lower left hand corner of the picture. You can see the entire licence plate of the car in the middle.
A body with drak swim trunks and and a dark head is floating in a pool. You can see the whole body.
The person is swimming toward the upper right, and their head is lit with a pinkish glow while their torso is dark.
5  blue bubbles are fully visible and a 6th one is mostly off frame in the bottom right
Jelly fish that are a shade of purplish blue on an almost black background.
Purple jellyfish like things float in blackness.
You can just start to see the diver's goggles on the far right side of the image. Only one hand and arm can be seen.
You can just start to see the man's left hand come into the image in the lower right corner.
The person's left hand and wrist are visible at the bottom right, but it has not touch the octopus tentacle.
The dog's right ear is just barely touching the right side of the image.
Nearly the entire body of the woman is seen with only the bottom of her feet off the bottom of the image.  Her hands are out to her sides
The entire body of the woman in pink is seen.  She has her hands up over her head.
The woman's arm look like smoke coming from a fire due to the blurring effect.
The head of the bald man is visible but not his body. You cannot see the man on the left's face, just a bit of his beard.
The man's face is cut off at his nose and there is a man's face showing one eye, his forehead and hair.
A woman is holding a gift in her right hand only.  Her eyes are mostly closed and she is looking up.  Her mouth is also mostly closed
A woman is holding a gift in her right hand but her left hand has just started touching the gift.  She is smiling with teeth visible.  Her eyes are mostly closed.
She is holding the box directly in front of her, she is looking up and her mouth is closed.
A woman in a blue patterned shirt looking forward with three men looking at her.
A tiny tip of the spoon can be seen between the thumb and part of another finger.
The spoon is not present.  You can clearly see the person's thumb and another finger but only one fingernail is seen.
It's very dark outside and you can see the outline and the eyes of an owl in a tree.
The only picture of a hawk.  It is looking to the left.  You see lots of branches and darker blue sky.
The tongs are being held by the left middle of the bowl
Womens ring is visible with two nails pointing down and tongs towards right of plate.
His arms are bent at the elbows and reaching toward the left side of the picture. His face looks scared or like he's crying.
The yellow shirt person's teeth are gritted and just a small sliver of their red pants is visible. The left elbow is bent back about 90 degrees.
You can still barely see the right rear taillight of the car on the left.  Only one wheel of the red car on the right is seen.
The taillight on the car on the left is no longer visible.  There is a large glare visible on the car on the left.
The brush is being held almost directly centered above the meat. It is just barely or not quite touching the meat.
About 3/4 of the person's hat is visible as well as their hands and most of their arms
you can see a hand on the left side with its four fingers and there are two arms waving and with a bit of green hand white at visible in between.
The child is looking down at the present and slightly to the left in this slightly blurry pic
The boy is looking down at his package blurry and only a sliver of the second black stripe on his hat is showing on the right side of the image.
The blue and gold bottle oval is partially visible and hand is between both white and red bottle and blue
A woman is pictured and her head is on the left side of an opening in the tent behind her.  Her teeth are together in kind of a grimace.
The woman's eyes are mostly closed but you can just see a tiny bit of her left eye.
The right profile of the women's dace is shown with her eyes open.
A woman is holding a silver bowl in her left hand, while her right hand is in front of her collarbone, and she is looking at something very intensely.
The woman is holding the metal bowl directly in front of her apron.
The woman is holding the silver bowl right in front of the stand mixer with her mouth open, as she goes to place it on the stand.
The dressing has just been drizzled over the salad. The empty spoon covered in residual dressing is hovering over the salad.
There is a spoon full of white liquid being held over a bowl  of salad
A bed with red pillows, a yellow sheet and two folded towels on it
There is a green wardrobe to the left side of the room, next ti it is a dresser with a TV on it. The bed has an ornate patterned pink and off-white cover. There is a pink and gold lamp on the side table next to the bed.
There is a set of red sofa furniture in distance with two greenish chairs close with a black chair facing them.
There is still a tiny green bit of grass in the lower left corner of the image.
The grass area in the lower left corner has disappeared.  You can just start to see both of the licence plates on the cars.
A woman has partially opened the door in the process of walking in
Woman has the door half way open and has not yet stepped into the room. You can see a camera in her hand.
There is a bright patch of snow that is next to the right shoulder of the black character in the upper center part of the image.
There is a small white plus sign that is over the head of the black character.
The woman's face is slightly blurry and in profile. You can see part of her nose and eye, but not her mouth.
The woman's face is blurry and has her eyes closed. She's turning her head towards the camera but is not looking at it yet.
Only a little bit of the table like object that was seen that has a green base is seen in the very lower left corner of the image.
The table like object that has a green base is gone from the image.  A tree with little purple flowers is seen on the far left of the image.
white cabinetry sits to the left of an open doorframe with a wooden slotted door
A dingy yellow refrigerator/freezer is seen with some light reflecting off of it.
A stainless steel refrigerator is seen with the left door open and a light on the inside.
You can barely see the orange object on the far left hand side of the picture.  The man's left hand is slightly behind his body.
You can just barely see the bottom of the nose of the man at the top
The plate the person is holding is just starting to be in front of the door, covering just the weatherstrip.
The very front circular part of the camera has just dropped off the bottom left corner of the image.
The man in the front has just started raising the the camera back up to his eyes from it being at the lowest point.
The camera is a little less than half way up the image. You can see another camera being held right behind it.
The brown character can be fully seen for the first time.  It is dragging something in its hands but not much of it is on the screen yet.
A bit of red can be seen of the object the brown character is dragging onto the screen.
The player is holding the ball with this left hand and his right hand is hovering closely on top of it.
A person holds the ball ready for a serve and the right hand hand is level with the words on his jersey.
The person is holding the ball in their left hand and their right arm is at shoulder height.
Two letters on a red sign can be seen in the upper right corner of the image.
Two of the flags on the upper left hand corner of the image have just started to get cut off by the top of the picture.
Only the left angled support is visible on the far right support post.
blur image while the officer tries to take out his gun from the pouch
officer has gun pointed downward
A man in a tan shirt is visible on the left, but not his right arm. The rightmost part of the white text is on the police officer's hair.
the grey objects are angled slightly to the right and no hand is visible
Four fingers are visible, including their fingernails. They're angled towards the left. Only a tiny tip of the right finger is visible.
Four fingers are visible, the nail of the pinky is fully visible.
She's sitting behind him holding his shoulders. The woman in orange is not visible.
The woman on the back of the bike has just moved her hands down to the sides of the man in front.
The woman in the back has her hands sort of on the side and sort of on the back of the person on the front of the bike.  Her left hand is in a claw shape.
You can see his whole face.  His elbow is high up into the air and you can see his fist clearly.
The man's face is visible but very blurry.  He is punching downward but you can't see any of his elbow because it is blocked by his fist.  His fist is visible but blurry.
The guy is punching down. The hand is super blurry and positioned at the bottom left of the picture. It is not cut off by the picture but is super blurry
the finger can be seen placed right on the inscription under the blue virus image and the pictures are clearly visible with an owl image under the finger
his finger is over the owls face and the owls face is blurry
there is a go app icon very clearly on the screen and he is pointing at app with an owl icon
A picture of some fruit with a green railing in front of them.
An image of many oranges stacked up in the foreground with a small black sign sticking out of them.
A display of apples for sale.  There are four types: green, red, yellowish brown, and pinkish red.
A black low top shoe with black laces which is pointing to the right.
A grey and black shoe with a letter of text on the side.  The laces are also grey.
The shoe has a country flag on the design.
The man in purple has his hand up near his face while the one on the right also has his hand near his face.
The man in the purple shirt has his hand hanging down, the man in the pink and black shirt is standing partially behind him with his hand over his chin looking at the man in purple.
The mic of the woman in the foreground mostly blocks the arm holding it
The red head singer is completely blocking the stripe shirt singer.  She is also covering a small section of the red dress of the other singer.
she is in the middle of the second word on the wall alone with left arm back and left leg forward
The first two letters of the text on the wall on the right are visible.  The woman is looking to the right.
The older woman holds a fork paralell to a plate below it, roughly level with the neckline of the shirt of the woman to her left
The woman on the right is holding a fork near the other person's mouth.  The person on the left has their mouth still closed.
The person on the right is just about to put food in the other person's mouth.  The person on the left has their mouth open and just about to eat what is on the fork.
The plank has been put down and the man is putting his left foot on top of it but the foot is in the air.
The person is standing straight, not holding anything, up with both feet on the ground. His left foot is fully visible in front of him on the floor.
The word "an" is centered perfect on the white portion of the tray that splits the liquids.
There is equal picture overlay of a room with many people in it and a carriage with some people on it.
No second image can be seen. The wagon being pulled has the standing bearded man to the left of the pillar. His entire face is to the left of it.
All but the left side of the image is blocked by an object in the foreground
Somebody is jumping up in front of a singer.   You can barely see the person's mouth and his left eye is partially blurry and covered.
The guitarist is looking out at the crowd instead of at his guitar. His face is fully visible but the black part of his guitar is completely obscured.
The man completely blocks the woman behind him in the frame
the guy walking is blocking the lower right corner of the screen behind him.
The guy in the front has his elbow blocking part of the white apron.
You can read the white text in the red rectangle on the object the boy is holding quite well.  There is no blur or glare on the text at all.
The boy's left thumb is pointing to our right. He is not looking at the black item in his hand.
The woman is at left, with a small gap completely separating her and the man in profile.
Both hands can be seen on woman's head, man is facing to the left with mouth puckered
First person shooter game holding a gun out. Looking through a doorway into a mostly yellow room with checkerboard tiles and a blue window. Walls in the hallway where the person is standing are blue
theres a red stain splattered on the floor just under the gun barrel
The small bowl with the egg has been poured and only have the bowl is visible.
The girl is facing to the right and you can see the side of her face.  Only her right arm is visible.
The girl is turning to the right so you can only see her right ear.  The side of her face isn't really visible any more.
The brown and black object is mostly off the screen on the right as the camera faces a white and brown arch
A big backpack protruding out the bottom right corner. There is no sun shining on the backpack as it is under a shadow.
The boy's left hand has a red object in it and he just starting to raise it off the floor.
The boy has a red object in his left hand. He has raised it off the floor and you can't see the very top edge of if off the top of the image.
The boy is touching the box of colored pencils but is not actually holding it.
Little girl is looking down at dart in her hand and the dart is slightly in the toy gun.
3 fingers and a black x-striped shape is visible from a hand on the left.
The girl's hands are flat together and they are fully in the picture.
A child wearing green near someone with a black string around their outstretched middle finger.
A blurry woman is pursing her lips together and point with her left hand.
A picture of several sheep.  The one closest to the camera has it's mouth open and is looking to the right.
A picture of several sheep.  One of the closer ones to the camera has a blue mark on its back.
There's a mixed group of adult and baby sheep. The top half of the image is sky; the sheep and ground take up the bottom half of the image.
The woman is looking down and right with her hand in her chin. The girl on the left's hand is visible on top of the present.
the girl on pink sitting on the floor on the right edge of the image can be seen with only her left finger off the image
There is a large explosion in the back.  All of the people are ducking and you can see the tops of the people's heads in the front.
There's an explosion or fire. The men in front are bent at the waist and toppling over. The man on the right in the background is leaning to the right. There isn't a blur.
There are two fingers visible.
There is a yellow object in the sky that is pretty close to the camera.  You can't see any fingers of a person.
The bottom of the thumb can be seen with a little more of the hand shown.
A shadow from the person's thumb is going right down the center of the left bagel on the plate.
Two hands are shown but only the sleeve on the right hand. The spotted puppy's eye is almost completely off the screen.
The tip of the sleeve on the left arm is just barely visible.
The top of the dog's eyes are just cut off by the top edge.The dog's left eye is cut off just before the brown iris.
The older woman and the younger women have their heads very close together.  The younger woman is smiling and looking down
The women have their heads very close together.  The younger woman is looking over to the left.
The girl in red is in profile and looking up and smiling at the other woman. The woman in black is looking down. You can't see any exposed flesh on her right arm.
A silver bowl with a bit of cheese in it
The powder at the bottom is clear to see with reflection in pot on back panel with horizontal ridges
There is a silver pan with some sort of seasoning at the bottom.  The image has another image slightly imposed over it.
The girl is looking at the board the guy is holding, her eyes are down and her mouth is open. He is facing her, just the side of his face can be seen, no real details.
The girl in pink's eyes and mouth are closed.
the spoon is held exactly level with his chin
The man holds a spoon up in front of him and the tip of the spoon is not seen.
the spoon on his hand can be clearly seen on the far right of the image
The person's face that has a blue shirt on can no longer be seen.  She is blocking a lot of the person behind her but you can still see a portion of her face.
You can't see any of the person's face who has a blue shirt on.  Her elbow is blocking a bit of the person's head behind her but you can clearly see her face.
The girl in the army jacket is looking at the camera with the food item in her mouth.
The person is only holding the red object in their right hand.  It appears very sideways and the shape of it can't really be seen.
Two hands are visible touching the red paper. The top edge of the paper is right against the top of the frame. It's a little blurry.
Gold coin in the palm of a hand.
The tail (eagle) side of a quarter. The background is concrete grey.
The backside of a small coin.  There is a torch in the middle and some leaves on either side of the torch.
A tall glass of beer is next to a brown bottle.  There is a boy in the far background.
A white can of beer in front of a frosty goblet of beer.
A red beer bottle is on the right of a glass of beer. It's on a cement surface with grass in the background.
The very top of the object in the person's hands is off the top edge of the image.
The girl in the black pants has her right foot on the ground and her left foot lifted and slightly ahead of her right.
The girl have her legs bent and feet planted on the ground for a jump. Her hands are behind her knees.
The woman is almost entirely hid by the boy in blue, just her right arm is visible.
The person in blue is blocking the woman.  On the right, a small section of her head is visible and a third of her body.
You can see the woman's entire face after clearing the person on her left.  She is looking up and to the left and her mouth is slightly open and you can barely see her top teeth.
There is a grey cape or jacket in between the woman's face and the grey shoulder.  The item is completely visible.
Only the corner/tear duct of her left eye is in the frame. Her lips are parted to reveal top teeth and no black space.
The dog is facing to the right of the picture. The front right leg of the dog is fully visible and but touched by the finger.
There is a crowd of people mostly on the left and back of the room. The long white sofa goes all the way to the right side of the image, the right end of the sofa is not visible at all.
The long couch in the middle right hand part of the picture is almost entirely visible with just  the very right tip cut off.
The woman is standing out of line and giving something to the little boy.
Only the top of the girl's face in the foreground be seen as she looks left.
The full head and part of the side profile can be seen on the woman with dark hair in the foreground of the photo
The vehice with the purple character is the only vehicle clearly visible. There is a word in white in the upper left corner.
On the upper left corner there is half a gold ring with round icons in it. There is no writing across it.
You can see the cheek and chin of a woman coming in on the upper right hand corner of the screen. The baby's right hand is near the left edge of the image but isn't touching it.
The little boy in a gingham shirt is facing away from the camera. The woman next to him's eyes are visible, but her mouth is not visible.
The boy is facing right but is turning forward. The woman's face is covered by the boy's head in this photo.
The dog is in the lowest right corner but is not cut off or very badly blurred.
lower part of a folding table in the middle of the picture, with no other moving object in the picture
A large 5 petaled yellow flower is under a blue sky.
Big green leaf with oval shape that's pointy on the top.
There is a small crack in the door and you can see bright sunlight just starting to come in.
The door is open halfway and half of the person is visible.
surfers left shin and knee are resting on the surfboard while the left arm is raised
girl surfer riding the top of the wave, highest point
A person in a red shirt with a circular logo on it is on a white surfboard towards the top of a wave
The rolling pin is resting on the center of the bag
a blurry rolling pin in the middle of a bag filled with crushed item
SpongeBob's nose is hidden.
The mouth on the cartoon character is almost completely blocked.  The picture overall is slightly brighter.
The dance pose is both hand on the one side of the hips. The girl in the blue is fully blocking the person in the back.
Straight on view of the four characters. They all have their hands below their waist. You can only see one arm of the one in blue shirt.
The woman in the light blue dress has her right arm horizontally across her face and both of her eyes are visible.
The yellow box on the right has one word mostly visible but the next is almost all cut off from view.
A picture of several small snowmen.  There is a larger one with 4 babies.
A snowman is on a bench.
The little girl on the left is looking to the top left with her mouth slightly open while the boy in orange is looking straight at the blue and red cup.
The boy in the center is smiling at the camera with eyes open and the boy in orange is looking at the camera as well.
The candle has been blown out and he is looking towards the camera but his eyes are starting to squint.
The square around the battery is tilted downward by about 10 degrees, both hands can be seen
The metal wire is inline with the hands.
The wire is pointing to 11 o'clock and 5 o'clock.
The person has a green and yellow object in their left hand.  The right hand is not covering any of that object.
There is a green and yellow object in the person's left hand.  The right hand's thumb is covering part of the object.
A woman in white on the left is just starting to cross in front a sitting man.  You can see the man's entire face still.
The second man on the left front row is looking down at the model in white.
You can see the full woman in the red dress. She is about dead center.
The black object is almost to the ground.  The top of the black object is now blocking a part of the floor.
The black item is clearly touching the ground and the man still has a tight grip on the item.
An apple sitting on a grey/black speckled countertop
A centered apple picture with water condensation on the apple.
Yellow apple on brown table. White background at the top.
The blue objects in the middle of the white tray are pointed slightly to the right of the picture.  There is only a pointer finger pointing straight down at the blue object.
The second blue object is clearly in the person's right hand and is about to be put into place.
The woman is smiling with her teeth showing and touching the tip of her nose.
You can only see the lady. Her finger is against her lips and her eyes wide open.
The person is holding their right hand up near their face.  She is looking directly at her hand.
There is a man at the center of the image.  The very top of his head is cut off at the top of the image.  He is just starting to block a graphic on the back wall behind him. Most of the graphic is seen to his left.
The man in the center is blocking almost all of the colorful graphic behind him on the wall.
The man is facing left with his eyes closed. Under the chart on the screen, you can see blue on his shirt and orange under that.
The two thumbs are touching, the string can not be seen between the thumbs.
The green "laser" on either side of the text is the farthest away from each other.
The text is completely visible. The kids are looking into each other eyes.
The girl is looking at the camera and her entire hand is on the brown part of the dog's neck.
You can't quite see the cartoon pirate riding an object in the shot yet.  Only the front 1/4 of that object the pirate is riding on can be seen.
A cartoon pirate has appeared and you can see most of his body.
The cartoon pirate is at the top right corner, his entire body can be seen.
A very closeup shot of a frog's eyes poking out of the water.  You can see his left front arm under the water.  No lilypads or green plants are seen.
Most of a frog's body is out of the water.  It is looking right towards a small plant in the water.
The frog is on the bottom right, on a lilypad that is under water. The frog's head is green and sticking out of the water. You can see the speckled markings on his back. There's another lilypad in the upper left corner.
The man is completely facing forward and his hand is at 12:00.
A large truck is seen out the driver's side window going the other direction on the road.
The man's driving gloves is obscuring the woman's chest area. Her shoulders are not visible.
There is a small white triangle of text that is seen on the red part of the balloon at the far top edge of the image.
A man is sitting and playing a cello with 5 bright lights behind him.
A very dark full body image of a man, and he is looking down.
Dude is holding the guiter upwards
his ring finger of his left hand is barely visible right above the outline of the ribs
Only the very tip of a boy's pointing finger is off frame.
The young boy's hand is touching the top edge of the black spot on the characters arm. It is in between the black and white.
The boy's eyes are closed and you can clearly see both feet of the blue character in back.
A small sliver of brown is visible on the black object to the left of the right side of the doorframe
The air conditioner and black button are visible in the upper left corner.
A man has his arm extended behind the head of a person to his right but the hand on his extended arm is not visible
A man has his mouth open and looking left with a woman in background with head fully visible
The woman passing in back on left edge has only her back visible.
The car is directly facing the corner of a street. You can see two potholes to the right an SUV facing left in the driveway in the distance.
The car is making a turn to the left.  The street that was straight ahead can't be seen at all now.  The van in the distance can still fully be seen.
The car is making a turn to the right.  Only the front half of the van in the driveway across the street can be seen.
One guy on a silver and blue water ski with sunglasses on.
There is a red jet ski
You can just barely see the person's right leg on the right side of the image.  The left eye of the person on the left has just come into view.
You can see the woman's elbow only who has the red plaid on the very upper right corner of the image.
The red pot on the ground is at the bottom edge.
There are four animals on a grass field.
two sheep completely lying on the grass, with the one in front facing left, no other animal is present
A black sheep with a whitish tail is at the back of the pack here.
There is a medium sized rock on the bottom right of the image. Only a little bit is cut off from the image while most of it is visible.
The character has just started making a turn to the left around a corner. It hasn't quite gotten to the green plant on the left of it.
No text is visible. There's a spoon below, but not touching, a doughnut hole.
No text is seen at the bottom of the image and no metal spoon is seen.  Only a small circular object is on the napkin.
There single piece of brown fried ball on a napkin on a plate. There is blurry blue text at the bottom. The ladle is not there.
The horse's tail is curved in a c-shape towards its body. The rider has his back to us. Two of the horse's feet are lifted.
A man is looking back at the camera with his mouth slightly open.  You can see top teeth.  You can't see the very top of his head for the first time because its been cut off at the top of the image.
A man looking back at the camera with his mouth mostly closed.  You can barely see a couple of the man's fingers on his hand.  The top of his head is cut off at the top of the image.
The man's hair not completely visible, its cut off right at his hairline.
There is one white light shining towards the woman's shoes.
The man in front of the woman has his arms straight up and is obscuring the green light.
A man's muscular bicep is visible close to the right edge, but you can't see his hand or head. A white man is running behind him.
There is a half bright yellow circle on the bottom of the image.
The title screen is fully showing, with a yellow sun in the background.
a tiny piece of a finger can be seen against a red can being pointed at a hole. The metal bar is angle slightly upward
The circle is empty and positioned in the center.  there are 2 large bolts or screws visible at the top
Opening is center left of image.
A right hand is visibly grasping something that looks like a piece of fish. Two fingers are at the top with nothing obstructing them.
A tv sits on the ground next to a black plastic milk crate
there is a black television with a remote sitting in front of it
Black and yellow tv
A blue couch that looks like it's been cut into three sections.
A yellow recliner is sitting on the sidewalk next to a trash can.
A green sofa sitting in front of a parking meter.
Only the back of the head and part of her shoulders is visible of the woman in blue behind the person in the grey top
The person with the glasses is standing nearly straight up.  It is blurry but he is looking sort of to the camera.  He is almost completely blocking the person in the blue plaid in the back
The large silver blurred ball is overapping the top of the locomotive's back roof.
The train is on its side, and there is a moving gold ornament that is on the front and covering the smoke stack.
Half the body of the woman sitting on the sofa is visible.
The two people in the image are the baby and the woman on the couch.  The boy's face is partially visible.
The sandwich is practically vertical and the spatula is tilted slightly, but mostly horizontal and not blurry at all.
A person in a yellow top and blue pants is surfing a white and green surfboard
A person with no shirt on and a red surfboard poking out of the water.
Surfer in red long sleeved shirt, squatting down with his back to the camera. Just a very tiny wave.
Woman in stripes at far right is clearly seen in profile and with her mouth wide open.
The image is mid-transition between images. The bride is looking at another female, who is looking off screen to the right and her mouth is slightly open.
There is the most blur and you can see a woman with a black and white shirt superimposed on the grooms back.
No water is visible and there are no words at the bottom of the screen.
There is no blue text at the bottom of the screen. There is some water surrounded by light brown sand on the right side of the image.
There are two blue letters on the screen.
The entire front of the container is visible.  All parts of the label are readable and in the shot.
You can see the front label on the salt. It's held over the left side of the pot. His palm is not visible.
The person with the gun is still on a large grey platform.  The gun is aiming towards the left but still aimed down at the grey platform.
The person with the gun is still on top of a grey platform.  The gun is aimed to the left at the very edge of the grey platform the person is standing on.
The girl's open eyes are visible, but her forehead is not shown.
The woman is carrying a box.  Her right leg is just starting to cross in front of her left leg as she is reaching out with her leg to move the chair out from the table. Her eyes are no longer visible.
The woman has obviously just started moving the chair with her leg.  Her right leg is covering up a lot of her left leg.  The star on the table is mostly in blue but the left side of the star is starting to have the floor behind it.
A close up of an eye.  The image appears broken like glass.
A close up of an eye.  There is very bright light on the right side of the eye.
A big black and white eyeball with contacts showing three cross shapes.
The kayakers in the front has a yellow buoy near the back of the boat.
You can still see the entire brown dog that is in the lower left hand corner of the picture.
The woman's face is not shown. Her hand is low on the baby's head with a small gap between her middle and ring finger. Her fingers are in focus.
The stuffed puppy is "looking up" at the woman in a robe. You can see only the snout of the real dog, not the eye. The stuffed puppy's tail is cut off by the frame.
The woman with the gold necklace is to the very right of the image, giving a side-eye towards the right.
The woman closest to the camera is looking at it. She is blocking the head of a woman with a white tank top standing behind her, though you can still see the woman's blue baseball cap..
The man's face can be seen facing left but the woman's face is obscured by her hair.
Both the man and woman are faced forward with their full arms visible.
Two white guess are on shore next to a body of water.  One is facing away from the camera and one is facing right.
One white goose is facing to the left on a small island.  There is a small green bridge and a few ducks
Ducks toward the center front with a docked boat to the right.
roughly 10 brown horses stand in a dirt area with a structure on the left to provide shade
Field with animals separated by a tree in the middle, more animals off in the distance with trees behind them.
There is a fence with lots of goats behind it.  There is a small pavilion with a concrete floor with 6 goats in it.
You see one leg and foot of the person behind the coach who is walking in the foreground.
Half of the head of the camera man's head is visible behind the man in blue on the field.
Her right hand is holding a utensil.  Her left hand is in a fist slightly above her waist.
The dog's head is barely touching the top of the image.
The dog's eyes are no longer visible.
A top down image of a camera.  There is a blue circle in the lower right corner.
The camera is on a light tan wooden surface with a blurry blue wall in the background.
The camera is black and facing the left.  The lens is not connected.  There is a black and silver item with a knob directly behind it.
The two hands are touching and the three right fingers are a little stretched out.
There is a pizza with its topping making it seem it is leaning to the left. There is a lot of white topping on it with no greens.
There is a single slice of pizza on a white plate with green things on it.
The man's mouth is open as he drives the car, his head facing strIGHT ahead
The man driving has his mouth closed and his entire watch is visible on his wrist.
The guy is looking forward with hands on each side of the steering wheel like a good driver.
A man playing a trumpet in the center and left parts of the image facing left.  There is another man in the lower right playing a string bass or cello.
A trombone player is closest to us with a yellow green light shining on his back. A saxophone player is next to him.
the left side of the card to the left of the cake is off frame
The top part of the flying dog's head on the poster is cut off by the top of the picture.
Everyone is looking down but is in the process of raising their heads back up
The man in the black jacket is looking up and to his left, his hair is flipped up and blurry but his face is clear.
two full lines of text and 2 partial lines of text are visible on the bottom, and the woman has her mouth open
The reporter's mouth is closed and she had a stern look on her face.
Woman has her head tilted slightly down with mouth in shape of circle and chin pointy
The person's hands are closer to the edge of the table while their left hand is about to pick up a green bean.
The woman's right hand is placed in the middle of the beans. Her left had is not touching the beans, but is on top of it in a grabbing motion.
The giraffe looks to the left with its face mostly not visible but the back of its head is.
The giraffe head is at the top right with the sunlight very brightly shining on the back of its head.
A giraffe from the neck up is seen.  Both eyes and ears are visible.  There is a small branch on the far left at head level of the giraffe.
Only the left arm and the left leg is visible of a child in yellow walking out of a room.
there is a white dish with meat in it on a wooden table
There is a thumb on the far left touching the bowl of chicken.
The girl has her mouth wide open but you can't see any teeth at all.
Her head is tilted back and you can just see her upper teeth.
The girl's right ear is visible. There's a small space between that ear and the edge of the left black border. The flyaway hair on her bangs is against the left black border. She is facing and looking at us.
The man's entire hand is turning the third knob to the left and you cannot see his thumb.
A hand is positioned on the second metal dial from the left with its thumb at the 11 o clock position
One branch is across the picture left to right with an owl sitting on it facing to the right. The branch is pretty thick.
A hawk with its body facing the right side of the image and its head facing towards the camera.  It is on top of a power pole and the sky is very grey.
A hawk with its body facing the right side of the image and its head towards the camera.  It is on top of a pole but no wires are seen. The sky is very grey.
The blue car is titled slightly down and to the left, and its left back tire is on the lane divider.
There is a black car with smoke coming out of the tail pipe while ahead of the car is a blue car about to touch the right lane with its right tire.
The black car is in the middle of the screen about to hit the tan car.
The person running atop boxes has their right foot fully upon a box as their left foot leaves the box behind them and doesn't quite touch it anymore.
he is on the white stone closest to the camera with both feet on the ground and in focus
The man furthest to the left wearing a white shit has his leg stretched out while the man farthest to the right is above the black line.
The person in the lower right hand corner's hand is just barely touching the right hand side of the picture but his body is not fully visible..
The topmost figure is just left of the midpoint of the square and the figure at top right is just right of the line and facing it.
Man has fingers up touching chin making u shaped.
he is looking to the left side of the image with his mouth wide open
The woman's head is tilted slightly to the right with her mouth slightly open and no next on screen
Women's head is tilted to her left with mouth closed
There is text on the picture but it is very faint so you can not make out the words of the text.
There are small rounded ears on the top of the oval made up of many red lines.  The bottom "chin" of the oval has three blue lines.
The small white ears on the oval have moved to the side.  There are mostly small blue lines on the left and bottom of the oval with some red lines on the right side.
The "ears" of the circle is pointing to the sides.  The bottom of the circle does not have any light effect pointing out.
You can clearly see the two main words on the letterhead, but they're a bit blurry. The girl's mouth is slightly open with two teeth visible.The gap between the letter and the left edge goes almost all the way down to the corner.
The girl's mouth is slightly open and you can see her top teeth.  The text is backwards but readable.  The upper left corner of the page she is holding is just barely in the shot.
The girl is making a sad face with the paper at her chin. The paper title is still readable.
scene with all the animals towards the back, the one in the furthest back is turned long ways
A paved road in the front with a stone wall on the side.  A lot of cars are parked behind the stone wall.
Single building, the roof is just rafters. There are people in line if front going inside.
The image is in the middle of a transition. A child is picking up a pink and white electronic device on the bottom edge of the image that has a white line under the electronics device.
You can see most of the fingers of a hand on the left side of the screen.  No wrist of the hand is present.
Only the person's hand is seen on the left side, no part of the arm.
The hand and leg are visible on the left side, on the right side a blue container is halfway in the frame. The yellow container beside it is not visible.
The boy's left fingertips are touching the carpet. You can see his entire right hand with fingertips curled under. His face is looking down towards his pikachu item.
Little boy is holding his arms out looking down at the item.
The mixed batter is in the center of the metal sheet under it, with both of the person's hands mostly visible.
Only one hand is actually touching the bowl.
Girl is as close to the wall to her left shoulder as possible.
A picture of a dog at the end of a hallway.  Something is coming from the left but you can't see what it is yet.
the picture on the bottom is more than halfway off frame
The clock on the right is showing a time five minutes past an hour and the bottom image has not quite reached even with the upper photo.
the person in purple in the forground is visible up to just below their chin
The male student in the black sweater had his head down and writing. There is no image overlay.
The bird is facing to the left and its wing is completely back down on its body.
The bird has just gone more upright and the top of its head is off the top of the image.  You can just barely see one of its eyes.
The top of the bird's head is cut off by the top edge of the photo. The bird's back is to us and nothing is blocking the bird's body.
The girl's head is cocked to our right. The text bar is beginning to fade, but the email address is still visible. The girl's hand is coming in from the bottom with four fingers visible.
The right side of the woman's mouth is open. The text is very light, not readable.
The woman's eyes are closed, the image is clear and all of her hair is visible.
The woman is glancing with both eyes open to the right.  She has a sort of questioning look on her face.
the box is perfectly straight up and down, not leaning to either side
Full box is visible in picture. Woman's mouth is open with all teeth visible and bottoms not touching the top. 3 fingers visible holding bottom of box
The woman is holding a yellow box.  Both of her hands are visible and her mouth is barely open.
Several people on a long green and black canoe.  The shot is from the back of the people.
Four people riding in two handmade wood boats that are low to the water.  There are two flags in the water in the upper right corner.
All the people are wearing red, they are in dark green boats.
The hand appears on the adult behind the small boy.
The boy is slightly looking upwards and you can clearly see the man's left hand at the top of the hat
The letter Origin are only present.
There is a yellow flag in the very top left corner of the photo.
A woman's eyes are partially closes and gritting teeth and face fully facing front.
A women is talking her mouth is open but not smiling and you can see some of her upper teeth and all of her lower teeth. Her left arm is across her body and the hand is being held straight up
The woman's bottom teeth are visible but not her top teeth. Her right ear is slightly covering the cabinet behind it in the background but not the rest of her head.
The fender with the letters on it is pointing towards the bottom right. There's a tiny black spot or hole directly under the muffler, and another one close by to the left.
The three women are completely in frame. The glasses of the lady closest are completely white.
The picture is not very blurry. The girl in the camo jacket is pointing at the camera, her face is half cut off, can't see her nose.
A woman carrying a white box is in the process of walking through a doorframe
The woman is walking through the door.  Her right leg is slightly ahead of the left and she is looking down.
The girl is just pass the door and looks up for the first time. The hind leg of the dog is spread apart at the feet of the girl.
There is a man covered in a white substance.  He has just moved a bit and you can see part of the woman's face in the background.
You can see part of a woman's face in the background.  The man in front of her is turning her way and you no longer see the man's nose.
Close up of a girl being dipped. The writing is not as bright white and the last word in the middle row is completely on the blue shirt with a little blue showing after the word.
Several male dancers are dipping their partners as low as they can go.
There are two soldiers shooting their rifles and a bullet casing right next to one of their helmets.
three uniformed men laying down under stand with rifles pointed right
A group of soldiers in a row are laying down holding their guns.
A black laptop with lots of glare on the screen.  There is a small white mug in the upper right corner in the background.
The black laptop has a single icon and text on a black screen. The laptop is not center in the image with a gap on the right side.
A laptop with a blue screen.
The box of the girl in purple is facing the red table. The lady who is closer has the box pointed up.
On the far left edge the ends of her fingers are visible on her leg, her hand and knuckles are cut off.
The woman is holding a spatula in her right hand and it is over the pan on the stovetop.
The thumb is very close to the kids chin, but not yet touching it.
The hand is under the collar area of the orange jacket. It's not close to his chin.
There is a van facing toward the right side. It is half hidden behind the people.
There is a van crossing to the right behind the people on the left.  You can see most of the front 2/3 of the van
A low shot of a person playing guitar.  His legs are roughly even with each other and the left leg is slightly bent.
The female dancer in the black bikini in the middle has her left knee touch the knee of the guitarist.
The text at the bottom of the picture starts to appear. You can't see the top of the man's head in red.
The text box is fully shown but is not covering the white star on the head of the horse on the left.
The horse on the right has it's ear covered by the logo in the corner.
An all white rabbit is standing on dark brown dirt and facing right.
A brown rabbit with a white stomach sits on dry, yellowing grass, in front of concrete.
Both her feet are visible. Her left foot is behind her and just coming off the ground.
A bit of pink can be seen in the lower left corner of the image. The arm of the person on the couch that has plaid pants on can just barely be seen.
Half of the blurry woman on the couch is visible.
The gift wrapper is behind the child head.  It looks like he has a unicorn horn sticking out of his forehead.
The man is holding a bottle of yellow liquid with the back leg of the chair behind it roughly running through the middle below it
You can just see the pan a bit and can see the handle of the pan.  He is about to pour the olive oil into the pan.
You can't see the person's head who has the plaid pants on but you can see her arm and shoulder.
The very tiniest sliver of the pink sleeve of the woman sitting on the sofa is visible on the left edge.
The man, driving is looking most sharply to his right.
The man and woman are both looking to their right. His hands are not visible on the wheel and a lamppost is visible in the background.
A beaded necklace with a large dark stone at the bottom. It is laid out in an oval shape.
A blue necklace with dark blue beads and lighter blue rods linked by some chain.
Several necklaces laying on a light gold couch cushion. The top near the necklace is dark black.
The cannons are at the very bottom of the frame
There is a big blue ball with white teeth centered straight on and the end of a yellow cannon is pointing straight at it. Only the end of the cannon is visible, not the body.
The giant smiling monster fills the center of the picture. The icons of the four players are seen at the bottom.
The female character is looking at the horse head, her two legs are separated.
The woman has completed her turn with her back to the camera. Her left leg is completely blocked by her right.
The head of the guy in the center is covering just the nose of the guy in the red shirt.
The person in the front has just blocked most of the person's face who is on the left.  You can only see that person's sideburns.
Father has his hand completely covering eyes and is closest to his left ear
The man's eyes are wide open as he looks upward, not at the baby.
Two women and a man with faces visible; one woman stands behind the other woman.
Man with wig cap on has two hands on his face, woman has lipstick being applied from someone's right hand.
The man has a white thing on his head.  You can only see the right side of his face because the other half is blocked by a woman.
A cartoon of a bird that has just put a box onto something.  A character with a propeller on their hat is watching with its back to the shot.
A picture of the front of two cartoon characters.  The one on the right has a propeller hat.  You can see all 4 eyes.
A bird is looking to the right and taking a receipt out of a machine.
The person facing the camera has their right hand parallel to the table and at mouth height.
The person facing the camera has their hand parallel to the table and at eye height.
The man has his arm high up that his hand can't be seen.
A small crab on a grey rock.  There is a small crack just ahead of the crab and there are no other rocks seen except the one the crab is on.
The crab has very long legs that are all pointed to the right, it looks like a bird's wing.
Distant view of a crab on sand, the crab is in the very center of the picture.
A stern looking man is looking to the right slightly but mostly straight ahead.  There are a lot of lights behind his head over both shoulders.
The man's face is in 3/4 view looking too the right with a cranky expression on his face and his mouth in an "o". His back is straight and the left frame cuts off his right shoulder.
There is a dark haired woman on the left side of the image.  The front part of her body is cut off on the left side of the image but you can still see her left arm.
There is a person with a grey shirt that you can only see the back of on the far left side of the picture. Her arm has just disappeared in the shot.
The boy's left hand has just moved and his head is now blocking most of that hand.
The left hand is pressed against the object. The middle and ring finger are together, with some space between the middle and pointer and the ring and pinkie fingers.
The boy's hand is up and covers most of his one eye on the left of the picture.
His mouth is hidden behind his blurred hand and his eyes are visible each side of it.
The picture is brighter.  The boy is smiling and you can see both his top and bottom teeth.  You can't see any hands.
The man with the white shirt has just went behind the person to the left side of the image.  You can see his entire body.
The person in red shorts is on the left side of the picture, there is a small gap between him and the other guy but he is fully in the frame.
The woman's fingers are right by the left ear of the cat
You can see the black cat's front paws for the first time.
There is new picture of a pie plate with a black background coming in over top of the blue plate. The blue plate picture is covering the right 1/4 of the entire screen.
Only one dish is visible. The right edge of the dish is against the right edge of the frame.
Woman touches green beans with only right hand. Left hand not visible.
The middle finger is sticking up on the left hand. The right hand is pressing down at the tip of the shape.
There is a black arrow with writing on it in the bottom left. The pointer finger of the right hand is lifted off the paper.
There is text in the bottom left. The hands are pressing down the long fold on the paper. The right index finger is clearly pushing down on the paper.
Three large copper spoons that are hanging up.
The dirty jar with a red top looks like it has a snake inside.
The center half of an onion with a green tint lighting.
The boy has just begun unwrapping the present
The top of the boy's right hand is slightly covering the bottom part of his nose.
The boy is starting to rip the present open.  His hand is completely covering his nose but you can still see his eyes.
A woman has both hands on her head.
There is a knot in a string and the large loop on the knot is just barely touching the lower part of the picture.
A rope is going across the right side of the image with a knot at the bottom of it.
The girl is looking to the left with half closed eyes
She is looking straight at the camera, smiling. The microphone is to the left of her mouth.
Her eyes are closed.
You can just barely see the very edge of the blue flower on the right side of the image.  The man is looking to the left and is on the left side of the photo.
The blue flower on the right edge has disappeared.  The man is looking off to the left and nobody else is in the shot.
Two pink and white parrots are looking at each other while sitting on a branch.
Two green birds with one of them tucked tightly into a hole in a tree.
Girl looking at straight forward holding the can straight on the left side of the picture.
A woman holds her can close to her left part of face and wrist pulled in.
The woman is looking directly at the camera with her mouth open. Her bottom teeth are visible. The can she is holding is even with her eyes.
There is a red devil looking character in the top center of the image.  There are some white arrow objects that are flying away from it.
The blue dog's left hand is just off the bottom of the image. The dog's left ear is still not yet to the bottom of the image.
The blue dog's left hand is completely off the edge of the image so you can't see any of the light brown on it at all.  The right hand is still completely visible.
The blue character's top of the hat is towards the camera. You can see a tiny bit of yellow/orange under the hat. None of his fingers are visible.
There is a girl in this picture facing the camera.  She has both hands held up in front of her.  Her lips are pursed.
A woman looks directly at the camera as her left hand is hidden and the right hand is blurred with the fingers outstretched.
A women looks down while only her right hand can be seen.
The man in white's whole neck and head are off frame but the rest of him is visible.  He's roughly in the middle of the image
The pope's chin just barely comes into view.
Only the red area of the tail light is visible. The view is directly at the back of the car, not at an angle.
The back end of a car is visible, except for the space to the left of its license plate
Gray back of car with Green and blue sticker on it's left back.
A light silver small car with a d sticker in the snow
The man eyes are mostly closed looking at the jar.  The entire jar is visible.
The person is looking at the object in his hand.  The jar is starting to go off of the image on the bottom so you can only see the top 2/3 of the jar.
The jar is very blurry, a tiny bit of the orange substance in it is visible.
No toes of the person at the top of the image can be seen. The animal is right alongside that top person with the nose of the animal at the heel of the person's back foot.
No toes can be seen of the person at the top of the image.  The animal has started getting past that person with the animal's mid point at the heel of the person's back foot.
A long thin piece of the horse's tail can be seen under the first railing.
The tall metal pole is on the far left side of the picture.
The trailer in the back is fully visible.
a blurrier light blue space takes up most of the screen to the left of the person in the center
A picture of a man with a dark blue background.  He is looking off slightly to the right side of the picture with his eyes mostly closed.
A picture of a man looking straight down with his eyes closed.
There is no image overlay at all.  The person has just about put the slice of bread on the yellow plate.
There is slight image overlay.  The person has placed the bread on top of the yellow plate.
Fade of two images, the woman's hand is still more in focus but it looks like there is a red strip going across her top two fingers.
The woman on the left has her right hand on the back of the goat while the left hand is hidden behind the goat.
You can't see any of the person in red's body.  You can still see a tiny portion of the yellow mat in the upper right hand corner of the image.
Two hurdles are visible. The one on the left is not cut off. The one on the right is about half cut off by the right edge.
The man is looking down at the female dancer while she is smiling to the right with her left hand up in the air.
