0	0	0	A stuffed animal sitting on top of a table.	A deer head is mounted horizontally next to a painting
0	0	0	A bunch of different kinds of birds hanging from the ceiling.	Some green grass is seen in the lower right corner next to a sculpture of some birds above flowers. 
0	0	0	A black and white photo of a large dog in a museum.	There is a fossil structure with a head, two arms, and a long spine.
0	0	0	A picture of clothes and wires on a wire fence.	the transition image into the one of the lady in blue from the one where bags where hang up
0	0	0	A couple of people standing next to each other.	Two girls are clearly shown, and the girl toward the center of the image has both hands pointing leftward with fingers spread.
0	0	0	A group of people standing next to each other.	Two girls are shown. The girl in brown is turned more toward the girl in blue. The girl in blue is looking straight ahead.
0	0	0	A group of people walking in a park.	There is a grey monument wall that is located between the black girl and the girl in the middle. The black girl is facing to the left.
0	0	0	A group of women are walking on a sidewalk.	There is a man in a white shirt and black pants to the left of the girls. He is the only person behind them that is completely visible. He is not touching the edge of the frame.
0	0	0	A group of women standing next to each other on a field.	You can see the woman on the far right's face really well. 
0	0	0	A group of people standing next to each other.	The person with the white shirt  over her butt is really bent over far with her hands at her back. 
0	0	0	A group of people standing next to each other.	The woman on the right has her mouth wide open and her eyes wide.
0	0	0	A dirty toilet sitting next to a sink.	A white object that has a lot of rust on it.  There is a pipe sticking out of the top of the white object and another larger pipe that is just seen at the top of the image. 
0	0	0	A couple of dirty toothbrushes sitting on top of a sink.	Three pieces of hardware sitting on the edge of a sink.  The piece on the right is all black. 
0	0	0	A dirty toilet with a dirty rim on it.	Single sink with a white stopper on the right top. The inside of the sink is brown and gross around the drain.
0	0	0	A person holding a pair of scissors on a table.	The white rolling pin is centered on the yellow item, and it isn't badly double exposed.
0	0	0	A person is using scissors to cut a piece of fabric.	There is an equal amount of yellow and white between both hands
0	0	0	A bowl filled with a variety of vegetables in a bowl.	You only see the spoon right above the salad. You can see a very small blur of one finger. The mixing haven't started. 
0	0	0	A bowl filled with vegetables in a bowl.	small particles of something is sprinkle on the food inside the bowl, no finger is visible
0	0	0	A bowl filled with various kinds of food.	The spoon is at the top right corner, it is not moving any of the food.
0	0	0	A man standing next to a table full of food.	The person sitting down in the background in a chair has their hands behind their head.  There is a person with a blue Hawaiian shirt on the right side of the picture. 
0	0	0	A picture of a person holding a bird in his hand.	Just the first letter in the text at the bottom has completely faded away.
0	0	0	A person holding a brush on a person's face.	Half of the 2nd word of the text is faded and can't be read.  
0	0	0	A person holding a brush with a person next to it.	She is holding the fur up and two painted fingernails are visible. 
0	0	0	A person sitting at a table with a pen and paper.	A person in color writing at a desk with a blue pen. 
0	0	0	A cat standing next to a laptop computer.	A picture in black and white of a laptop computer with a cat on the right side of the image. 
0	0	0	A desk with a pen and notebook on top of it.	The small notebook is opened with a pen and a pair of glasses on top.
0	0	0	A close up of a woman with a blow dryer.	A woman has her tongue between her teeth which covers most of her top teeth. 
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a microphone.	A singer is facing and pointing towards the right hand side of the picture. 
0	0	0	A woman holding a bowl of cereal in her hand.	She has a pink stripe in her braided hair, and is holding a green bowl.
0	0	0	A person holding a bottle of water to a dog.	the first two letters of the third word have the left hand in the background of them
0	0	0	A person holding a water bottle with a dog in it.	Hands are stretching out a piece of fur. Gold nail polish on the right thumb is visible, and the tip of that thumb is cut off. The bulk of the fur is visible hanging down on the right side.
0	0	0	A dog is playing with a prong on a yellow toothbrush.	The gray object is not touching any of the text on the bottom.  The woman's left hand is behind the first two words of text. 
0	0	0	A car that is driving down the street.	The car front and back cannot be seen.  The front wheel has two orange spots and the back wheel has one.
0	0	0	A man standing next to a car that is parked in a parking lot.	You can just barely see the front corner of the white van that was next to the black car. 
0	0	0	A group of people holding umbrellas in front of a building.	The woman has just emerged from her face being blocked by a camera stand in teh background as she is escorted by a man with an umbrella
0	0	0	A group of people sitting at a table with umbrellas.	The flowers the woman in the teal strapless dress is carrying are completely obscured by the man in the black shirt’s head. 
0	0	0	A close up of a close up of a lot of food.	The picture is well lit and bright.  Only one fingernail on a finger can be seen in the upper right corner.  The image is not blurry. 
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a cell phone.	A woman with a white background smiles at the camera. Most of her body is visible. She is wearing a black outfit.
0	0	0	A woman sitting on a bench next to a wall.	The woman is laying on her stomach on a stone fence in front of a tree branch.
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a fire hydrant.	A woman is seen with her right hand on her left shoulder.  The right hand is holding a pen.  There is half a man's face on the far right side of the image.
0	0	0	A small bird sitting on top of a plant.	a ladybug perches at the top of a thin plant with leaves at the top
0	0	0	A small bird sitting in a flower pot.	A ladybug on the rightmost branch.  The branches make an X above the ladybug. 
0	0	0	A couple of small birds standing in the grass.	The ladybug is climbing up the side of a vertical green stalk.
0	0	0	A couple of people walking down a hallway.	The woman is close to the dog.  The dog is facing down the stairs with its tail up high and pointed to the top left.
0	0	0	A couple of dogs walking down a hallway.	You can no longer see the person's head with the blue shirt on at the bottom of the stairs.  The dog has two legs on a back stair and the rest of the dog's body is angled strangely to the right.
0	0	0	A man sitting next to a woman on a bed.	A boy is walking into a room full of people.  On the far left is a girl in the foreground wearing a red scrunchie that you can just barely see on the far left side of the image. 
0	0	0	A group of people walking around a room.	A group of dancers on the dance floor.  The girl in the autumn dress is facing the blonde boy in blue.
0	0	0	a close up of a person sitting on a toilet.	A child's hand is holding a large frog that's mostly green on top with a white and brownish speckled belly. It looks like a swimming pool in the background.
0	0	0	A person is cutting a piece of fruit on a table.	Two images are blended, with the dominant image being a hand slicing something with a vegetable slicer. The slicer on the table is very faded.
0	0	0	A person slicing a piece of fruit on a cutting board.	The cucumber is just to be cut into, you can see a transparent image covering the image 
0	0	0	A person cutting up a piece of fruit on a cutting board.	A man is cutting the cucumber closest to his pointer finger and you cannot see his nails.
0	0	0	A group of goats standing next to each other in a fenced in area.	There's a row of little goats poking their heads out of a wire fence. Someone on the left is feeding them out of a plastic cup.
0	0	0	A close up of a close up of a sheep.	An extreme closeup of a brown goat looking to the right. The goat has a black stripe going down it's face.
0	0	0	A herd of sheep standing next to a fence.	Several goats looking through a wooden fence.  There is some yellow in the top left side of the image. 
0	0	0	A woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.	A woman with black hair is about to hit a tennis ball with her black red and yellow racket.
0	0	0	A woman holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.	A woman in a black outsfit with writing on it is jumping up and hitting a tennis ball with a racket in her left hand. There is a bush with no leaves on the left side of the image.
0	0	0	A man standing next to a girl in a pond.	Two people standing side by side fishing.  The man on the left has jerked his whole body around so that you can now see text on his shirt. 
0	0	0	A man standing next to a fence with a baseball bat in his hand.	You can just start to see the teeth of the woman coming in from the right. You can only see one eye clearly. 
0	0	0	A young boy holding a cell phone in his hand.	You can now see the entire mouth and both eyes of the woman but her left eye is just cut off on the right side of the image. 
0	0	0	A girl is smiling while holding her cell phone.	The girl's left eye and mouth is visible but half of her left cheek is cut off.
0	0	0	A group of people sitting at a table in front of a large crowd of people.	no bridesmaid is visible at all.
0	0	0	A group of people sitting at a table in front of a large crowd of people.	The woman on the far left is looking forward. The woman on the far right behind the man on the right is looking right. Most of the crowd look back at a woman in blue behind a pillar.
0	0	0	A picture of a baby doll with various items on it.	The cloud on top left side of box only has half of it showing.
0	0	0	A picture of a blue screen on a blue floor.	The numbers at the end of the text are in an upside down U shape. 
0	0	0	A view of a highway with a sign on the side of the road.	Two street signs are slightly to the right of the center of the image.  You can see half of the bridge path.
0	0	0	A view of a bridge over a bridge.	There is the slightest of openings to see the end of the bridge through the obstruction.
0	0	0	A teddy bear sitting next to a teddy bear.	The text at the top right and bottom right of the toy box is right at the edge.
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a TV in front of a television.	The man is facing left with both feet slightly back and no gap visible between the legs. The background is orange. The woman's face is pointed to the left.
0	0	0	A photo of a person standing next to a television.	There is a man and woman dancing, with another couple off to the left. The man's back is facing the camera and there appears to be something white hanging from his back pocket.
0	0	0	A photo of a woman in a hospital bed.	There two sets of same images diagonally placed. The top left corner's person's lips and nose are visible as they lay there.
0	0	0	A photo of a woman in a hospital bed.	The woman in the black shirt is seen twice.  Her mouth in the upper picture is cover by the text.
0	0	0	A photo of a woman in a hospital bed.	The girl in black is in the middle top side of the picture. The lady lying down on the top right has her head right under the text. The head does not pass the boundary of this text box. 
0	0	0	A young girl holding a kite in her hand.	Her right arm is pulled back in a fist past her hair.
0	0	0	A young girl holding a pink baseball bat.	The girl's left arm is extended somewhat and the bow is outstretched as well.  Her right hand is starting to block some of her body. 
0	0	0	A young girl holding onto a pink baseball bat.	The girl is looking very sad at the bow. The bow is pointed to the left and almost towards the camera.
0	0	0	A group of people looking at each other in the mirror.	There is a woman on the very right side of the door. Her face is fully in view.
0	0	0	A group of people standing in front of a door.	the lady on the right can be seen but her face is not visible but you can see her neck
0	0	0	A person feeding a horse in a barn.	A splayed left hand firmly touches the white back of the horse.
0	0	0	A couple of people standing next to each other on a tennis court.	The losing wrestler is directly in front of the referee and has his right hand outstretched toward the referee.
0	0	0	Two people standing next to each other on a tennis court.	The two wrestlers are shaking hands. 
0	0	0	A piece of meat on a plate on a table.	The image is blurred and it looks like two piles of ribs are being set on a plate.
0	0	0	A man walking down a street with a hat on his head.	the picture is in focus and his arms are behind his back
0	0	0	a close up of a pair of scissors in a cupboard.	The tray that the bowl is going to be put in can just barely be noticed in the background.
0	0	0	A close up of a person holding an umbrella.	There is a large pan that fills up the photo. A piece of aluminum foil is visible at the top right. You can just barely see the image of a hand at the bottom right.
0	0	0	Three colorful turbans sitting on top of a table.	None of the duck's hat is visible and the two characters are walking down stairs.
0	0	0	A group of kites hanging on top of a pole.	Goofy's hand is straight up in the air and he's making a fist while riding a smiling horrse.
0	0	0	A couple of people standing next to each other on a snow covered runway.	The object he's trying to catch is at the top of the frame
0	0	0	A person holding a bowl of food on top of a table.	The hamster right leg is the touching the finger holding it down.
0	0	0	A man holding a cell phone in his hand.	The phone is almost turned flat but you can just barely see red and green colors still on the front screen.
0	0	0	a close up of a person holding a pair of scissors.	The thumbs appear to be touching on the two hands. 
0	0	0	A person holding a remote holding a video game controller.	The phone is mostly the side view, and the camera is barely visible. No screen is visible.
0	0	0	A duck sitting on top of a body of water.	A duck swimming to the right side of the image.  It has a blue head and you can see one of its orange legs above the water. There is a reflection of something in the water in the upper left corner of the image. 
0	0	0	A duck sitting on top of a body of water.	A duck with its bill pointed to the lower left corner of the image. Its mouth is closed.
0	0	0	A duck sitting on top of a body of water.	A duck floating on a black oil like water.  There is no rays of sunlight.
0	0	0	A man in a suit and tie standing in front of a building.	The man's hands are fully visible but blurry
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a large room.	The man is holding both hands up in front of him and the right one nearly touches his chin.
0	0	0	Two people laying on a couch next to each other.	Two people sleeping. One on the couch, and a child face down wearing sparkly red shorts.
0	0	0	A little girl sitting on a couch with a book in her hand.	A girl with pink pants and a white shirt sitting on a large dark green chair. 
0	0	0	A baby laying in bed on top of a bed.	A small child laying down under a white and red comforter.  The red are flowers. 
0	0	0	a close up of a person cutting a piece of meat.	The finger of the hand are close together and above a piles of leaves. The thumb is close to the index finger.
0	0	0	A chocolate cake with chocolate frosting on it.	This is a side shot of the cake with only the top right corner not cake.
0	0	0	A couple of football players on a field.	a player in black with orange cleats is on the right.  the ball is in the air nearly halfway across the image.
0	0	0	A group of men playing football on a field.	The team in blue and gold and the team in maroon and white are lined up facing each other. They are moving towards each other but only the middle player on each team has made contact. No other players are touching players from the other team.
0	0	0	A man standing next to a mirror in a bathroom.	A man is looking out of a window.  You can see a hand appear on the far left of the screen next to a red object that is hanging. 
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a mirror in a bathroom.	You can first see a second man's face on the left side of the screen next to a red hanging object. 
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a mirror in a bathroom.	The man is looking forward but hunching his shoulders. The white frame cuts off most of his right eye.
0	0	0	A little girl standing next to a dresser on a bed.	The small girl in front is looking directly to the right with her right hand on the side of her face. 
0	0	0	A couple of people swimming in the water.	Swimmer is completely vertical. Horizontal swimmer is barely visible.
0	0	0	A person is swimming in the water.	The water the person is in is quite dark. There is an image of them swimming horizontally layered on them but is not as in focus as them standing vertically. Their legs, not covered by the swimsuit, is almost covered from view.. 
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a microphone.	The speaker is holding the microphone to his mouth with his left hand and his right hand is extended to the left.
0	0	0	A man in a suit standing in front of a microphone.	A man with glasses looks to the left. He has a hand cupped around his chest area. His legs are not really visible and mouth looks a little pouty. 
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a stage with a microphone.	It is a man in a sport jacket with no tie looking to the left with a gray laptop also to the left.
0	0	0	A group of people on a boat in the water.	The top of the red object is right at the top of the picture.  Half of the 2nd letter on the right is seen while the other part is submerged. 
0	0	0	A dog is jumping up and down in a room.	The dog's tail is straight out and just coming off the top edge of the picture.  Only one finger of the man is seen. 
0	0	0	A person cutting a piece of bread on a table.	both hands seems straight on the meat, while the right hand is looking more flat placed on top of the meat and clearly visible
0	0	0	A traffic light with a stop sign in front of it.	A yellow 3 way traffic light with a green arrow on the side facing closest to the camera
0	0	0	A traffic light with a stop light on it.	A stoplight that is green that is on a green pole. 
0	0	0	A traffic light with two stop lights on it.	A stoplight that is very faintly green.  There are some very wispy clouds behind it with the biggest one above and to the right of the stoplight. 
0	0	0	A basketball player jumping up to catch a ball.	The ball has just left the hands of the person with the red jersey.  
0	0	0	A basketball player jumping into the air to catch a ball.	The ball is in the air and is above and to the left of the clock on top of the backboard.  There is no blur in the ball
0	0	0	An image of a crowd of people watching a basketball game.	The ball is high in the air with only black behind it. The number on the red jersey is not legible at all.
0	0	0	A girl and a boy standing next to each other in a room.	The woman has mostly straightened posture as she faces the boy in blue with her mouth open
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a man in a dress.	Bright shot of a girl and boy standing up straight. Her eyes are closed.
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a man in a pink dress.	The shot of a woman talking to a man in a blue shirt is starting to get really dark but you can clearly see them. 
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a fence.	The ski lift going in the opposite direction as the man has just completely disappeared from view. 
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a fence.	There is a red object in the lower right corner of the image.  It is the largest piece of red you can see. 
0	0	0	A man that is standing in front of a fence.	There is a bright light on the man's face and clothes. The hand rail is still visible.
0	0	0	A group of people standing next to each other.	There are two men with beanies on the right of the image, one is wearing glasses with his nose not visible and the other is looking down with white text on his face.
0	0	0	A group of people that are standing next to each other.	3 men surround a table with weaponry on it
0	0	0	A piece of bread sitting on top of a cutting board.	Olive oil bottle is seen but no label is clearly visible.
0	0	0	A man laying on top of a tennis ball.	The tip of the right shoe is fully visible with a small bit of space between the tip and the top of the picture. 
0	0	0	A person is holding a foot up to touch a leg.	Only three small black marks of the logo can be seen on the player's left sock. 
0	0	0	A painting of a man holding an umbrella in a field.	There is some overlay with a man in the center left of the shot.  You can still barely read the letters below and to the left of him. 
0	0	0	A man sitting in front of a baseball bat.	A drummer with sunglasses on.  Both drumsticks are up and off of the drums. He is not wearing a hat. 
0	0	0	A man sitting in front of a microphone in front of a stage.	A drummer with his eyes closed and mouth open.  His drums are blue. 
0	0	0	A man sitting in front of a microphone in front of a stage.	There is a drummer bathed in red light.
0	0	0	A person holding a plate of food on top of a plate.	The cheese covered tomato sits below the person's 3 fingers which appear to grasp the lettuce behind it.
0	0	0	A person cutting up a sandwich on a plate.	One leaf behind the cheese with the hand obscuring almost all of it. Can see a little of the cheese between his index and middle finger
0	0	0	A couple of people walking down a street.	The headlight on the blue car to the left is not yet visible. 
0	0	0	A couple of people standing next to a parked car.	If it wasn't a bit blurry you would be able to first read the middle car's license plate for the first time. 
0	0	0	A couple of cars parked next to each other.	You can fully see the left front headlight of the car on the left and just start to see the right front headlight of the car on the right. 
0	0	0	A woman sitting in front of a parked car.	The woman's head rests on her hand and her eyes are mid-blink, almost entirely closed
0	0	0	A woman holding a piece of paper over her head.	Her right thumb appears to pull at some lower strands of hair, pulling very slightly outward.
0	0	0	A woman is standing next to a fence.	Girl has her mouth open but no teeth showing and index finger up and thumb
0	0	0	A couple of men playing a game of tennis.	The ball is in front of the net in the center. The yellow players left hand is below the table.
0	0	0	A couple of men playing a game of tennis.	The ping pong ball is on the near side of the table in front of the net.  The ball is blurry from the movement.
0	0	0	Two men playing a game of tennis on a court.	The person in yellow has his left arm and paddle way up high over his head and to the left of his body. 
0	0	0	A horse standing next to a person in a barn.	Horse is on left side facing the right and looking straight ahead. Can only see the man's legs behind the horse while upper body is obstructed
0	0	0	A couple of horses standing next to each other in a barn.	a horse stretches his head upwards so that his head is parallel to the wood behind him 
0	0	0	A car that is parked next to a parked car.	only the front half of the car is clearly visible
0	0	0	A small bird sitting on top of a wooden table.	A parrot is curled up tigthly around a pen, with its head covering the middle portion of the pen
0	0	0	A small turntable is sitting on top of a table.	There is a bird laying flat on his back with a pen in his beak
0	0	0	Two people sitting on the back of a car.	Can see both people's legs. Girl with mouth open looking in direction of dashbaord
0	0	0	A couple sitting in the back of a car.	the lady can be seen holding her hands, with her head looking straight and her mouth wide open while part of her hair is covering her left face.
0	0	0	A group of people sitting on top of a train.	You can see a golden object at the very top center of the picture.  You can't see the entire golden object. 
0	0	0	A group of people walking around in a crowded room.	There is a long pink runway going down and to the right. No one is visible in front of it. There are two groups of people visible to the right of it.
0	0	0	A blurry image of a person standing in front of a large screen.	A bald man's head covers a  lot of the crowd and signs in the background.
0	0	0	A group of people are standing in a store.	the man in yellow shirt can be seen to the right edge of the image
0	0	0	A knife on a cutting board with a knife on a cutting board.	The croutons are in the tongs directly above the center of the salad about to be put into it
0	0	0	a close up of a slice of broccoli on a plate.	the picker is in the middle, away from the plate slightly but its not carrying nothing , fings not visible but skin can be seen far left bottom
0	0	0	Bread buns are sitting on a plate on a table.	Only the middle 2 of the four breadsticks are visible fully, and they are angled down and to the left on a metal rack
0	0	0	A loaf of bread sitting on top of a pan.	two bread loafs and right one has a slice.
0	0	0	a close up of a plate of bread on a table.	Loaves of long rustic bread piled onto a shallow stoneware or ceramic circular dish. The dish is on a wood surface. 
0	0	0	A person using a silver plate to make a cake.	The white substance has not been poured yet and the index finger is prominent.
0	0	0	A person is using a silver bowl to make a cake.	The white sauce is being poured from the small white bowl
0	0	0	A person is pouring some powdered sugar into a bowl.	The person's hand is holding a white container almost directly above the white sauce in the middle. 
0	0	0	A sandwich sitting on a plate next to a bowl of food.	A sandwich on a white paper plate.  There is a full bowl of chili behind and to the left of the sandwich. 
0	0	0	A sandwich is sitting on a plate on a table.	A single uncut long sandwich sub on a plate with white coleslaw. On the left is a wooden cutting board.
0	0	0	A couple of children playing with a bowl of peanut butter.	The red dog's head is just starting to get cut off on the far right  of the image. 
0	0	0	A little boy with a Mickey Mouse hat on his head.	A smiling boy just begins to look towards the dog
0	0	0	A little boy with a cartoon face eating a plate of food.	the costum guy has his face mostly up and forward and you can see a characters eye on the hanging item behidn the kid
0	0	0	A person is posing for a picture with a stuffed animal.	The mouse is looking in the camera.
0	0	0	A little boy wearing a hat and holding a cell phone.	You can just barely see the yellow exclamation point on the poster on the wall and no other yellow text. 
0	0	0	A little boy wearing a hat and holding a cell phone.	The girl has her right hand up in her hair and her other hand is pointed towards the poster on the wall slightly above waist level. 
0	0	0	A man standing next to a pile of baby bumpers.	The men in the background are shown from the waist down. The bottom left corner is a larger black shape.
0	0	0	A couple of people kissing on a beach.	There neck of the girl in orange is right against the right side, there is no space between her neck and the edge.
0	0	0	A street scene with a traffic light on the side of the road.	There is a lot of sunlight shining on the far back of the truck but not on the front. 
0	0	0	A view of a city street with traffic lights.	The entire vehicle is in shadows. The light is just behind the vehicle, so it just got into the shadows.
0	0	0	A woman is standing in front of a television.	The woman on the white sign to the left has everything from her forehead up off frame
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a television monitor.	There is blurry text at the very bottom of the screen. Only one human head is visible, the heads in the photos in the upper corners are cut off by the upper edge .
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a white wall.	Woman holds her hands out, making her forearms almost parallel to floor.
0	0	0	A woman holding a microphone in front of a stage.	The man is standing straight forwards and his hand is on the left of his chest. 
0	0	0	A man jumping into a chair while holding a chair.	The woman's head in green on the right can't be seen.  Her arm is seen at a 90 degree angle but no fingers are seen. 
0	0	0	A man is holding a smoke machine in his hand.	Arm at right is tightly bent at the elbow, and none of this person's body is visible.
0	0	0	A person is holding a pair of colorful vases.	Close up of a tray with different colors. There is a hand to the right side, the thumb is at the bottom of the screen and the pointer finger is at the top.
0	0	0	A group of colorful vases sitting on a sidewalk.	You can see most of the circles of paint very clearly but the ones at the bottom are cut off. There are no fingers or legs seen. 
0	0	0	A dog is being fed by a man.	The tip of the person's ring finger who the dog is biting is just off the bottom edge of the image. The middle finger is still entirely seen. 
0	0	0	A small dog is being fed by a man.	The puppy's paw is on the hand and is chewing on the index finger. The pup is directly facing the camera and a tiny bit of his right eye is obscured by his paw. You can still see the shine mark in that eye.
0	0	0	A young boy is sitting in front of a cart full of toys.	Three of the larger balls are touching each other but are all still on the ground. 
0	0	0	A group of people playing a game of rugby.	The player in green has his left arm in the air as he is falling
0	0	0	A group of people playing a game of rugby.	The two players at left have their butts very close together but not touching or overlapping..
0	0	0	A group of people playing a game of rugby.	The man in green has his knees on the ground and is leaning back.  His left hand has just touched the ground. 
0	0	0	A bowl of soup on top of a stove.	Beef chunks are beginning to just overhang (One is) the white plate before being placed into the ban of grease.
0	0	0	A person cooking a meal on top of a stove.	Meat browning in the pan being stirred with a utensil
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a crowd of people.	The women's right arm is bent at her side at a 90 degree angle. 
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a crowd of people.	The woman's closer arm is straight down and the back arm is hidden behind her.
0	0	0	A group of women standing on a dirt road.	There is just a tiny gap between the back of the girl on the left and the edge of the frame.
0	0	0	A couple of people walking down a street next to a fire hydrant.	A person can be seen running to get into a red vehicle.  Four small yellow rectangular lights are seen on the top of the red truck. 
0	0	0	A man walking down a street in front of a bus.	A person is running to get into a red truck. The front part of its head is being blocked by some kind of dark pole between it and the camera.
0	0	0	A man walking down a street with a bus.	The characters head is right beside the side mirror of the bus, there are not any plant leaves between the head and the mirror.
0	0	0	A couple of people standing next to each other.	The young girl is at the right edge of the picture, facing right, with arms slightly extended and cut off just below the elbow. 
0	0	0	A child is standing next to a wooden fence.	There are two green blurs and one purple blur that is almost cut off on the right side.
0	0	0	A small vase with a bunch of flowers in it.	A top view of a purple plant with three green leaves in the upper left corner of a flower pot with rocks.
0	0	0	A flower pot that is filled with potted plants.	Purple succulent in orange pot with two other green succulents seen in same pot
0	0	0	A close up of a flower pot on the ground.	lone plant in a rock pot, mostly purple, top of the plant facing straight at the camera
0	0	0	a close up of a girl brushing her hair.	The pencil is pointed at the girl's eye
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a mirror with a cell phone in her hand.	Picture where girl is touching her eye with her middle and ring fingers
0	0	0	a person holding a piece of bread in a piece of foil.	The person is holding the meat mostly flat, but with a bit of a fold between the hands. Only two fingers of the right hand are visible.
0	0	0	A person holding a piece of bread on top of a frying pan.	The meat is right above the pan, the left thumb is holding the meaty part and the right thumb is holding the bottom fatty part
0	0	0	A group of kids running around in a field.	There's a white pole between the left most kid and the two to his right. There is no yellow pole visible. 
0	0	0	A group of people playing soccer in a grassy field.	The blue youth player is on the right of the pole shadow on the ground, not touching the shadow.  The people on the bench at the top right are not visible.
0	0	0	A group of kids playing frisbee in a grassy field.	There is a black fence that is seen in the upper right corner of the image.  Only one person can be seen behind that fence. 
0	0	0	A photo of a woman standing next to a fence.	On the top left side there is a game map. It is half over a brown area on the white wall.
0	0	0	A young girl holding a baseball bat in a grassy field.	The tip of his nose is overlapping the toy and his mouth is open.
0	0	0	A young girl holding a baseball bat in her hand.	The boy's head is tipped so that you can barely see his right eye.  His mouth is closed.   The green object is touching his nose. 
0	0	0	A young girl wearing a hat and riding a skateboard.	The little boy has brought the green object away from his mouth and part of it is off the bottom part of the image. 
0	0	0	A pair of shoes that are sitting on the ground.	One brown shoe with white sole. 
0	0	0	A shoe that is sitting on a piece of wood.	You can see the bottom of the shoe with a lace wrapped around it.
0	0	0	A pair of shoes sitting on top of a shoe.	A two shades of brown woven sandle with a black base
0	0	0	A man in a pool playing with a toy boat.	Both of the eyes of the dog in the pool are not seen. 
0	0	0	A dog is standing on a bed with a leg on it.	A dog lies on the floor with the tips of his back legs off frame and his nose showing
0	0	0	A cat is standing on a bed with a leg on it.	The top part of the tail is cut of at the top of the picture but you can still see the bottom half of the tail. 
0	0	0	A woman sitting on a bench holding a cup of coffee.	The woman on the right is standing pretty straight up and her left arm is bent at a 90 degree angle. 
0	0	0	A woman standing on a bench holding a plate of food.	Girl with blue hat has left fist just above hat, not overlapping, right fist can be seen as well
0	0	0	A person is using a stylus to cut a picture.	The right hand is covering up the bottom part of the cartoon character's nose. 
0	0	0	A person cutting a piece of paper with scissors.	A blurry hand working on the top right of the picture.
0	0	0	A man using scissors to cut a piece of paper.	The knuckles of the right hand of the person are covering up most of the eyes of the cartoon character. 
0	0	0	A person cutting a bowl with scissors.	A blurred hand is positioned about a little less than halfway in front of a metal tool above a bowl.
0	0	0	A person cutting up a candy bowl with a spoon.	A right forearm holding a food item, over a bowl on a grater
0	0	0	a close up of a person cutting up a candy bowl.	The person holds the lemon over the grater. The grater's little pieces are reflecting the light and has a visible light coming off of each one. 
0	0	0	A yellow bus sitting on the side of a road.	The right exhaust can't be seen for the first time in the image.  You can start to see a brick object on the upper left corner of the image. 
0	0	0	A silver bowl filled with food on top of a counter.	Only the top third of the bottom white bowl can be seen
0	0	0	A metal bowl with a metal pot on top of it.	The empty silver bowl is centered, and just a tiny edge of the bowl below it can be seen.
0	0	0	A person holding a bowl of food on top of a table.	There is a hand directly over a silver bowl. 
0	0	0	A person baking bread in a pan on a table.	A spoon is mixing in a bowl. You can see a woman's pointer finger and thumb.
0	0	0	A person in a kitchen preparing food on a turntable.	A glass measuring cup is being lifted towards a mixing bowel. The words on the side of the measuring cup are facing away and can only be read backwards
0	0	0	A bowl filled with soup and vegetables on a table.	There is a white bowl of soup and greens with a hand barely visible in the right corner.
0	0	0	A person holding a bowl of food in front of a bowl of vegetables.	Spoon is being inserted into a small bowl.
0	0	0	A photo of a woman with her face covered by a blanket.	The image is slightly double-exposed, so the central woman appears to have a big pale nose.
0	0	0	A group of people standing on a basketball court.	The men stand facing close to each other, at the most equal and similar heights.
0	0	0	A basketball player is jumping in the air.	The man inside the gym has dunked with his legs straight and the eagle behind him is visible.
0	0	0	A person jumping into the air in a basketball hoop.	A person completely a slam dunk in a gym and ball is headed back to the ground. 
0	0	0	A couple of people standing on top of a basketball court.	The man is shooting a three pointer and his feet are still on the ground. 
0	0	0	A photo of a man standing next to a row of people.	Two old-time comic strips, one on top of the other. The comics are black and white paper has a brown tint.The top comic has a body builder.
0	0	0	A photo of a person talking on a telephone.	A cartoon of a boy in blue in front of a white building. 
0	0	0	A black and white photo of a man sitting on a boat.	A comic with three panels.  The top panel is taking up the upper 2/3 of the page. 
0	0	0	A plate of food sitting on top of a tray.	On the top left there is shrimp and salmon while on the right there is tuna and in the front is sushi with a rice exterior.
0	0	0	A plate of food that is sitting on top of a table.	6 smaller pieces of rice wrapped in vegetables are in the bottom left corner of a dish with meat on it
0	0	0	A plate of food on a table with sushi.	A roll is cut into six pieces on the left of the plate, and six pieces of sushi are next to it.
0	0	0	A man in a suit and tie stands in front of a group of people.	The man is pretty much centered in the picture, there is white writing at the bottom right. His head is covering most of the silver pole behind him but it's still visible to the left of his cheek.
0	0	0	A man standing in a room with a cell phone in his hand.	There is text at the bottom of the screen.  The man looking off to the left and the first 6 letters of the second word of text are over top of the man's neck. 
0	0	0	A man holding a cell phone in his hands.	The man is looking to the left, his head is covering the entire vertical metal bar behind him.
0	0	0	A young boy standing in front of a bunch of toys.	There is only one row of green writing visible on the box above the box the boy is holding. The two boxes are perfectly lined up.
0	0	0	A man holding a cell phone in his hand.	Three people are seen in the image.  There is a third person who has appeared in the upper left corner of the image. 
0	0	0	A little boy playing with bananas on the floor.	Only the front part of the rim of the cap worn by the child on the left is visible
0	0	0	A little boy playing with a toy on the floor.	A boy is holding onto a toy and looking at it. Another boy is also looking at it and only the rim of his hat is visible.
0	0	0	A close up of a person holding a hand.	a blueish grey outstretched hand
0	0	0	A statue of a man sitting on top of a concrete floor.	A face with the eye on the right side (which is the face's left eye) is much higher than the other.
0	0	0	A boy playing with a frisbee in a field.	The boy with the striped shirt is sort of facing the camera.  You can see the right side of his face and he is starting to rise up.  You can see the top 1/4 of the ball. 
0	0	0	A woman holding a tray of food in a kitchen.	The woman's forehead and hair on the left is now cut off on the top of the image.  Her right eye is just still barely visible. 
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a man in a kitchen.	The standing woman is cut off above the tip of her nose. You can see her mouth, but not her eyes.
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a woman in a park.	The girl closest to the camera, her face and right arm/hand are not visible at all. She is turned more toward the camera.
0	0	0	Two elephants standing next to each other in a fenced in area.	The big elephant is at left and the small one at right, each facing outward with trunk down and visible.
0	0	0	Two elephants standing next to each other in an enclosure.	A baby elephant is walking behind the adult elephant. The baby elephant is facing the back wall.
0	0	0	A large elephant standing in a fenced in area.	one elephant facing left
0	0	0	a close up of a green and white bird standing on a sidewalk.	This lime green creature has a long green, black, and white striped tail that is mostly visible and its body is slightly off-center and closer to the left side of the photo. 
0	0	0	A pair of shoes on the ground next to a baseball bat.	There is a moth on a gear wheel. 
0	0	0	a close up of a pair of green and blue shoes.	A lizard is looking to the bottom left. It is resting on a brown colored shoe.
0	0	0	A white car driving down a road with a taillight on.	The car is about to round the corner.  On the left middle, a tiny white part of the white and red road marker is seen.
0	0	0	A man jumps onto a basketball court while standing on a hoop.	The person in the center has their arms up over their head in a Y shape.  His mouth is wide open. 
0	0	0	A woman standing on top of a basketball rack.	The middle male dancer has his arms behind his back.
0	0	0	A person eating a sandwich on a table.	both hands are on the edge of the plate but not quite touching the bread
0	0	0	A person holding a sandwich on top of a plate.	Both hands are on the piece of bread closest to the person.
0	0	0	A person holding a sandwich on top of a plate.	The top bread is put onto the sandwich.
0	0	0	A man is standing in front of a television.	Wrestler being tossed is directly in the middle of being thrown and you can see a yellow foot near the other wrestler's head
0	0	0	A person sitting on a sidewalk near a fire hydrant.	A hand has appeared at the bottom of the image. You can still see most of the pan with the yellow object in it. 
0	0	0	A person holding a piece of luggage in front of a dog.	The hand is slightly bent to the right and it is not covering the oil pan at all.
0	0	0	A black and white photo of a vintage mechanical keyboard.	A black typewriter with 6 red buttons on it on a grey/white surface
0	0	0	A black and white photo of a vintage typewriter.	Green type writer with a red tape. 
0	0	0	A computer keyboard sitting on top of a table.	An old black typewriter with white keys and black lettering with a corkboard behind in brown
0	0	0	A person holding a piece of pizza on top of a plate.	Only one arm and hand are visible, it's reaching all the way across the picture. The food on the plate is almost entirely visible, only the very top is covered by the arm.
0	0	0	A picture of a motorcyclist riding a skateboard down a street.	The back left wheel is on the double yellow line.
0	0	0	A view of a street with a van on the side of the road.	front driver tire about to drive up on sidewak
0	0	0	a close up of a woman with a cell phone.	Part of the right side (picture left side) of the woman's face is covered by the shoulder of the person in front of her.  Her teeth are bared and you can see both top and bottom teeth clearly. 
0	0	0	A man riding a snowboard down a snowy mountain.	8 people are visible on a snowy mountainside in a mostly clear photo
0	0	0	A snowboarder is flying over a mountain.	In total, eight dark figures are seen at lower right, but they are blurry.
0	0	0	A person cooking some food on a stove top.	The spatula has been slid under about 10 pieces of meat which are clearly visible and non-blurry.
0	0	0	A person cooking food on a stove top.	The cooked meat is about to get scooped up. You can see a very small part of the white plate at the lower right corner. The meat is sectioned with 1 piece of meat right in the middle of the pan by itself. 
0	0	0	A blurry image of a red and black couch.	You can just start to see the ankles of the red person that is standing to the right of the text on the green wall.  The image is extremely blurry. 
0	0	0	A blurry image of a person standing next to a refrigerator.	Only 75 percent of the text on the green wall is visible with a person in red to the right.
0	0	0	A blurry image of a person standing on a sidewalk.	Just a picture of a green background with black text on it and orange ground at the bottom of the picture. Nothing else is in the picture. 
0	0	0	A woman is sitting on top of a basketball court.	You can see a guy in black in the foreground, but only his legs.  He is moving from the middle of the image to the left of the image.  His legs are spaced apart the most.
0	0	0	A woman is sitting on top of a basketball court.	There is a referee on the front left side of the picture. You can see the one hand and fingers and the inner palm of the hand. 
0	0	0	A person sitting on a basketball court with a dog.	The referee that was walking right next to the camera has disappeared off the left side of the image.  The wrestler on top has his left hand on the ground and the arm is bent in nearly a 90 degree angle. 
0	0	0	A close up of a person holding a baby on a bed.	The large cat is cut off under its eyes at the top edge and is blurry.
0	0	0	A cat laying on top of a person's bed.	The large cat's eyes are both in frame but closed.
0	0	0	A woman is standing with her hands up in the air.	The man's head is moving upward slightly causing his image to be very blurry. 
0	0	0	a close up of a person with a cell phone.	The boy is centered with a blurry face. His mouth is slightly open and he looks happy. His eyes are slightly open and dark, not too blurred into the rest of his face.
0	0	0	A basketball player standing next to a basketball court.	You can see a line going down on the left side of the image, it is from the blue squares and it is very close to the left edge but not touching.
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a dresser in front of a dresser.	The woman has turned to the right and you can see her nose and mouth but no eyes. 
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a dresser in a room.	The woman's lips are puckered and a strand of hair is coming out, positioned as though it's coming out of her mouth. Her eyes are visible and her left eye is just under the top of the photo edge.
0	0	0	A woman is standing in front of a dresser.	The lady is bent over to the right. her hair is at her side.
0	0	0	A river that has a waterfall in it.	You can just barely see a second waterfall on the far left side of the picture. 
0	0	0	A river that has a waterfall in it.	You can see the two waterfalls pretty clearly but you can't see where the water that is falling from these waterfalls is hitting on the rocks below. 
0	0	0	Two men standing next to each other in a room.	The scene is shadowy as the two men stand facing the camera.  The right man is facing somewhat to the left
0	0	0	A man standing next to another man in a room.	the guy on left looking in the camera and the background is lit.
0	0	0	A young girl playing with a frisbee in a field.	Just the very edge of the inflated toy is shown.
0	0	0	A girl playing with a Frisbee in a yard.	There are two balloons on a small table. The girl's bent left arm has a small gap in between the bend..
0	0	0	A young girl playing with a Frisbee in a grassy area.	You can fully see the orange balloon on the table.  The girl's right foot is getting close to coming down to the ground. 
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a crowd of people.	The top half of a water bottle is seen between a man and a woman. A red item is slightly in view towards the bottom left. 
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a fence holding a horse.	One man is visible and his fingers are directed at his own face.
0	0	0	A man standing next to a fence holding a bottle of water.	The person in the front brings his right hand away from his body and has his mouth open. 
0	0	0	A horse that is standing in a grassy area.	You can still barely see the white on the horse's front left leg.
0	0	0	A person is holding a pair of hair dryers.	The horses far leg is entirely covered up by his front leg.
0	0	0	A woman holding a cell phone in her hand.	Woman's left hand is not touching the object
0	0	0	A woman is holding a pair of scissors in her hand.	Her mouth is partially blocked by her hand.  You can see part of her open mouth and can see her top teeth. 
0	0	0	Two chairs sit side by side in a room.	Two empty chairs are in the image
0	0	0	A black chair sitting on a white wall.	There is a black chair with white dots on its backrest with a metal handle on top of the backrest.
0	0	0	A chair sits in front of a black chair.	A black chair with a solid back facing forward with black armrests. The background is a plain speckled gray. 
0	0	0	A collage of various food items in front of a refrigerator.	There is a small diamond shape in the center of a collage of pictures.  You can just see a man's neck and chin. No mouth or nose is seen. 
0	0	0	A photo of a refrigerator filled with various food items.	There is a diamond shape in the center.  You can see a man with a black shirt and you can see his mouth but neither of his eyes.  
0	0	0	A photo of a man standing in front of a refrigerator.	The diamond shape is cutting off the top of the man's forehead and half of his right hand. Both eyes are visible.
0	0	0	A group of children that are standing next to each other.	The girl's face from right above her mouth upwards is visible behind the balloons
0	0	0	A group of children standing next to a bunch of toys.	The yellow toy car to the right is still in the frame. The pole above it is on the very edge of the frame and the top of the pole is going out at the corner of the frame.
0	0	0	A group of children standing next to balloons.	The boy in orange is touching the balloon. The slide is visible behind him on the left side. His backpack is going out of the frame on the bottom.
0	0	0	A person standing in the middle of a room.	A hand takes up the majority of the foreground of the picture
0	0	0	A man riding a skis in the air.	The person's hand on the right is covering up most of his face but you can still see a bit of his sunglasses. 
0	0	0	A couple of men riding a boat on a mountain.	The person's hand on the right is covering up the lower left part of his face.  You can see his mouth is open and the hand is covering a bit of his mouth. 
0	0	0	A piece of cake with a piece of paper wrapped around it.	You can just see a bit of the object the person is holding on the far left side of the image. You can't see any hands. 
0	0	0	A person holding a piece of cake on a plate.	A wrist and hand holding an object coming in from the left side of the image. You can't see much of their forearm at all. 
0	0	0	A group of people sitting at a table with a cell phone.	Only three women are visible, the fourth is completely hidden behind the man. The picture is mostly not blurry.
0	0	0	A man in a suit and tie talking on a cell phone.	A man holds phone up to his left side, giving best profile to us, most completely here.
0	0	0	A man in a suit talking on a cell phone.	A man in suit and tie has left hand by face with eyes looking down
0	0	0	A pan filled with food on a stove top.	White plate is starting to come in from the left side of the image.
0	0	0	A person holding a fork in front of a frying pan.	The white plate is covering the left half of the pan on the stove.  The hand is not over the dish but is below and to the left of it. 
0	0	0	A red and white photo of a red and white billboard.	a brighter shot of a city scape with no people present in the image
0	0	0	A close up of a red and white billboard.	There are no people in the picture and it is pretty dark.
0	0	0	A digital image of a woman sitting next to a digital image of a billboard.	The woman's face is popping up, it's blurry and her mouth is not showing yet.
0	0	0	A man holding a plastic box in his hand.	The piece of paper in the person's hand is blocking all of the text of the blue object in the box.  You can still see the logo on the blue object. 
0	0	0	A person holding a piece of cardboard in their hands.	The piece of paper in the person's hand is blocking most of the text of the blue object in the box.  It is also blocking a good portion of the logo on the object as well. 
0	0	0	A dog with a long hair standing in the grass.	Only one brown spot is visible on the white animal, towards the very bottom of the image
0	0	0	A baby drinking from a bottle in a room.	There is a woman sitting on the couch behind the baby but you can only see her left leg and arm.  You can't see her face at all. 
0	0	0	A little girl playing with a baby on a table.	The top of the baby's head is cut off at the top of the image but you can still see her eyes clearly. 
0	0	0	A little girl standing next to a baby playing with toys.	The baby's eyes are cut off by the top edge of the frame. You can see just a tiny bit of the bottom edges of the eyes.
0	0	0	A woman holding a baby in a chair next to a man.	The man's right ear is barely visible on the left hand side of the image.  The woman has her mouth open and you can see her top teeth. 
0	0	0	A man standing next to a stage with a microphone.	The hands of the man in white are not visible.
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a stage.	The man has both hands on the railing but have not yet grasp it. 
0	0	0	A person is cooking fish in a pot.	Double exposure showing hands cutting into one centered crab leg above three other legs spread out on a silver pan, with longer sliver slash at bottom
0	0	0	A person is holding a large fish in a pan.	Scissors are cutting the middle of a leg. A transparent image of a pan is faintly seen especially to the left.
0	0	0	A bunch of cakes with different types of frosting.	A large brown swirl is almost fully visible in the top left corner of the image
0	0	0	A bunch of different kinds of cakes on a shelf.	Strawberries and chocolate. There is a faint picture of another image but it not clear to make out. You can make out a little bit of the flower. 
0	0	0	A bunch of hot cakes in a basket on a shelf.	There is picture overlay with the first picture having slightly more visibility than the second. 
0	0	0	A man that is in a bathing suit.	There is equal overlay between two pictures.  One is of a picture of a man with a hat and the other is of a man fishing. 
0	0	0	A shelf full of books and cereal on top of each other.	You can for the first time no longer see the man's left hand on the right side of the picture.  
0	0	0	A couple of books on a shelf next to each other.	You can see that there's a smaller basket in front of the basket of eggs, but you can't clearly make out what's inside. A small part of the person's hand is visible coming out of the top middle edge, but no part of the left arm or hand are visible. You can see all the cakes on the book cover, and the lower cakes are almost touching the bottom edge.
0	0	0	A bird perched on top of a tree branch.	A hawk on a pretty thick tree branch.  It is looking right at the bottom left corner of the picture. 
0	0	0	A bird sitting on top of a tree branch.	A hawk on a very thin branch.  There are only two branches present.  It is looking to the right side of the picture and you can only really see one eye. 
0	0	0	A small bird perched on top of a tree branch.	Close up of a cute owl facing left with orange-yellow feet. It is standing on a bunch of sharp looking branches.
0	0	0	A child is holding a flight controller in his hand.	No text on the object can be seen. The base of the thumb on the right hand can be seen but the pinky finger can't be seen. 
0	0	0	A person holding a plastic beverage dispenser in front of them.	The bottom of an item with blue and white stripes is seen on the top of the image being held by two hands. You can see the thumb on the left hand and the pinky on the right hand.
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a tent in the woods.	Only the arm and the knee of a woman with a striped shirt on the far right can be seen. 
0	0	0	A group of people standing next to each other.	The girl in the horizontal stripe hoodie has her face visible but not her hair.
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a refrigerator.	The woman's hands are both extended in front of her at chin height and she is looking directly at the camera.
0	0	0	A woman sitting in a kitchen with a blender in her mouth.	Both hands are visible. The fingers of her right hand are just in front of the red pot and its handle.
0	0	0	A woman sitting in a kitchen with a plate of food.	Her eyes are squinting, no hands are visible. 
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a wall in front of a wall.	tHE SCREEN FLASHES as if lightning is striking as a man tries to lift a hammer off a mound
0	0	0	A person flying a kite above a house.	there is a plan flying low over the water with a smoke trail behind it
0	0	0	A plane flying over a city in the sky.	there are two yellow and red flags in this pic and an outline of mountains in the back
0	0	0	A piece of pizza sitting on top of a white plate.	A large slice, about 1/4 of the whole thing, of a pie with its cut edges facing the left and bottom sides of the image.
0	0	0	a close up of a piece of cake on a plate.	It's a single slice, it's yellow filled with red. The pie looks like it's made out of popcorn shrimp and filled with bacon strips.
0	0	0	A person sitting on top of a pile of teddy bears.	A monkey climbs a building in the middle of a movie screen
0	0	0	A couple of people sitting in front of a television.	There is overlay of a dragonfly going over a giant ape on a building.  You can see 3 pairs of eyes but some of them are pretty blurry. 
0	0	0	A woman holding a cell phone in her hands.	The butterfly is hard to see, it's under the second word and is half cut off.
0	0	0	A woman is holding a black and white purse.	Her is left hand is cover her right wrist, dead center. The purple butterfly is covering the text.
0	0	0	A person is cooking a hot dog on a grill.	He is holding the bagel flat with its edge facing the camera so you can't see any grill markings. 
0	0	0	A person holding a plate of doughnuts on a plate.	The person is showing the grilled side of the bagel to the camera.  The bagel is completely in the sun. 
0	0	0	A person holding a piece of bread on a plate.	The person is showing the grilled bagel to the camera.  Part of the bagel is in shadow. 
0	0	0	A man that is standing in front of a wall.	A man is standing with his arms out from his sides pointed downwards.  He has a serious look on his face.
0	0	0	A man holding a cell phone in his hands.	The man is holding his hands together and his watch's face is visible.
0	0	0	A man in a suit and tie standing in front of a wall.	The man is facing forward and this hands are not showing but he is not frowning.
0	0	0	A man with a bag on his head holding a camera.	The man's right eye is 40% visible.
0	0	0	A man laying on the ground with his hands in the air.	The guy is looking up and screaming. A tiny corner of the eye is cut by the left side picture border. Both eyes can still be seen visibility. 
0	0	0	A man is holding a leg up in the air.	You can only see the man's nose and cheeks.
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a group of people talking on a cell phone.	The woman in the blue hat and the woman in the blue tank top are facing each other. The blue hat woman has one hand visible with the palm out at head level.
0	0	0	A group of women standing next to each other.	The girl in blue hat and girl in blue tanktop are doing a high five with both hands. 
0	0	0	A group of people standing on a beach.	Text at bottom is only just starting to fade.
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a counter in a kitchen.	The person is holding the pitcher up with one hand, looking down at the skillet, and both her hands are visible. She is not pouring the contents out.
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a mixer in a kitchen.	The woman is holding a pitcher of liquid while stand close to and looking down towards the pan with an open mouth
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a mixer in a kitchen.	The woman is staring straight forward with the pitcher covering part of her right upper torso. Her left hand has the thumb sticking up while the other fingers are not spread apart.
0	0	0	A park bench with a sign that says "Park bench".                                                       	A word in yellow and a word in blue are in the bottom corner of the image
0	0	0	A man sitting on a bench in front of a building.	The word in blue has disappeared but the word in red and yellow is still vislble. 
0	0	0	a close up of a cake with flowers on it.	A pumpkin is lit with a portion of the flame showing in the very middle and the majority of the middle portion of the pumpkin carved out in a strange shape
0	0	0	a close up of a creature with a skull on it's head.	A carving with a ghost with two eyes and it's hands out with the fingers pointing down.
0	0	0	A group of women standing on a dirt road.	The woman in camoflage's head is tilted back. You can see her closed eyes and headband,  and it looks like she has a cracker in her mouth. The two girls behind her are positioned so it looks like one of the girls is kissing the top of the other girl's head.
0	0	0	A group of women standing on a dirt road.	You can see most of the girl's face that has a blue shirt on.  Her feet are spread far apart and her right heel is off the ground. 
0	0	0	A group of women standing on a dirt road.	The girl in blue is to the left of the girl in the middle with the purple shoes. The girl in blue is not obscured in any way.
0	0	0	A blurry image of a person playing a video game.	The white ghost character with a black eye is in back of the 2nd word of blue text at the bottom. 
0	0	0	A blurry image of a person sitting in front of a computer screen.	The ghost character with the black eye is above the third word of blue text at the bottom. 
0	0	0	A blurry image of a person standing next to a motorbike.	There is a guy punching at the screen above the text at the bottom.
0	0	0	A person is holding a kite in their hand.	There are no stars visible.  Two fingers on different hands are the closest to each other. 
0	0	0	A person is holding a piece of paper in their hands.	Both thumbs are touching the bow with space between them. The top of the bow is blurry. The pinkie and ring finger are visible in the background with the tip of the pinkie slightly cut off by the bow.
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a television set.	The Beast hands are around the lady's shoulder and almost touching each other.
0	0	0	A person holding a video game controller in a bed.	The phone case is tipped back towards the person's face the most.  You can see the side of the case clearly. 
0	0	0	A picture of a man in a suit and tie.	A card of a magician 
0	0	0	A person is standing on a yellow legboard.	There is a person wearing dark jeans and brown boots. 
0	0	0	A picture of a man wearing a hat and tie.	A picture of a man pointing at you with some text below the man. 
0	0	0	A couple of kids playing with a Frisbee in the yard.	There is a boy with a green shirt on the far right side of the image and you can see most of his body except for his left hand.  There is a woman with a blue swimsuit walking in from the left and she has her left hand on her right shoulder. 
0	0	0	A man and a girl playing with a frisbee.	There is a woman with blue on who is standing on the mat with both feet.  Her left hand is at her right elbow. 
0	0	0	A group of people playing frisbee on a grassy area.	The woman's forearm is parallel to the bottom and top edges of the frame. She is facing towards our right with both feet on the mat, and is not giving or about to give a high five.
0	0	0	A close up of a glass of wine on a sunny day.	a close up shot of a glass with the very bottom of it filled with an amber liquid
0	0	0	A close up of a coffee cup on a kitchen counter.	A copper kettle on the left and a half full iced tea with a straw sticking out on the right.
0	0	0	A bottle of wine sitting on top of a table.	It looks like the base of a lava lamp. 
0	0	0	A bowl of food is being cooked on a stove top.	The soup is shadowed and a small portion of the white bowl is visible at the top.
0	0	0	A bowl of food sitting on top of a table.	About three quarters of the white bowl is visible on top of the steaming pot.
0	0	0	A bowl of food sitting on top of a table.	The white dish is almost completely visible but the hand holding it is barely visible. 
0	0	0	A person holding a container of food in front of them.	The red bar in front has almost completely covered the red bar in back.  You can just see a bit of the text on the red bar in back. 
0	0	0	a close up of a woman with a cell phone in her hand.	Her head is touching the top of the photo. Her mouth is pursed and her eyes are open. She is facing forward and looking straight ahead.
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a bathroom mirror.	Woman's lips are slightly open, you can barely see her teeth. Her head is completely in frame.
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a mirror with a cell phone in her hand.	The woman's teeth are touching each other, her head is straight, and you can see the black bath robe above her shoulder.
0	0	0	A group of horses walking on a grassy field.	A white building that is to the left of the white tent-like structures is almost fully visible on the far left side of the image.  
0	0	0	A group of horses standing on top of a fence.	The back half of the group of racers are directly below the white triangular canopies near the audience.
0	0	0	A little girl sitting at a table with a bottle of milk.	The tip of the bottle held by the baby nearly lines up with the check of the girl in the foreground
0	0	0	A baby drinking from a bottle next to a table.	While her head is straight, the kids hairline isnjust below the top of the frame and the top of the head isn't visible 
0	0	0	A group of women riding a boat in the water.	The woman in the front has her right arm held at a 90 degree angle over her head. 
0	0	0	A child is laying on top of a blanket.	Baby's body is turning toward the right. She is bending her left leg, but her foot is still touching the ground.
0	0	0	A couple of people standing in a room with teddy bears.	the baby's hand almost entirely blocks out the adult's hand at the top middle of the picture
0	0	0	A man that is standing in front of a couch.	Neither of the man's feet are visible and the chair is reclined out and he is pulling back
0	0	0	A boat docked in a canal next to a street.	One boat is tied up length wise across the front. Behind it are rows of boats tight together sitting perpendicular to the front one. No people are visible.
0	0	0	A group of people on a boat in the middle of a river.	There is a gondola with a man in the front of it facing away from the camera.  There is a red boat parked between the gondola and the camera. 
0	0	0	A group of small boats in a river.	At least six boats are visible. The boat overlapping the bottom edge has two women in pink.
0	0	0	Two people standing next to each other on a sidewalk.	The tire is directly on top of the person's right shoe and you can just barely see fingers at the top. 
0	0	0	A child standing next to a Mickey Mouse themed hat.	Only the slightly open mouth, tip of the nose and part of an eyelash is visible on the girl's face on the left. The boy in the middle is looking down with his hat covering his entire face.
0	0	0	A child is standing next to a Mickey Mouse themed toy.	The child has their hand at the bottom right of the box with the toy with his thumb on the green button
0	0	0	A person is cooking a loaf of bread on a pan.	The left hand touching the cooking bread is clearest and most fully identifiable.
0	0	0	A loaf of bread sitting on top of a pan.	Bread placed on pan with no hand and no utensils. Looks yellow
0	0	0	A loaf of bread on top of a skillet.	there is a text on the bottom left of the image, with foams clearly visible boiling on the side of the bread with the spatula on the edge of the bread
0	0	0	A black and white image of a black and white skeleton.	A grey face.  The right eye looks like a small hole and the left eye is at a higher level than the right eye. 
0	0	0	A statue of a man sitting on top of a concrete floor.	The face is yellow/peach. Both eyes are closed.  The left eye is quite a bit lower than the right eye. 
0	0	0	A man that is sitting in a dark room.	A man is looking up and to the left. His mouth is slightly open. The light is not touching any part of his nose. 
0	0	0	A man is looking at a picture of a cat.	The man is glancing down and a lot of his face is in shadow. 
0	0	0	A couch sitting in the grass in the sun.	Red sofa with no legs, it is sitting on the grass.
0	0	0	A couch sitting on the side of a sidewalk.	A brownish red sofa with a portion torn off on the right side, revealing a blue/green substance
0	0	0	An old chair sitting on the side of a street.	A brown recliner sitting in a parking lot. It has a white cover on the seat and back, the foot rest is up.
0	0	0	A white wall with a row of pipes in front of it.	Two brick walls, one behind the other.  The one in the back has part of a window in the upper right corner.  In the lower left a broom is leaning up against the other wall. 
0	0	0	A person holding a knife on top of a table.	You can only see one hand with a watch fully visible. The fabric is lifted exposing the beans in the pot. 
0	0	0	A person holding a bowl of food on top of a table.	Beans are visible in the cup and three of his left hand fingers.
0	0	0	A man and a dog are sitting on a ledge near a waterfall.	The dog's butt is sitting on the bottom edge of the image. 
0	0	0	A picture of a giraffe with its back facing the camera.	A leopard skin object is mostly covering a man's head. Only the tiniest part of the back of his head is visible
0	0	0	A picture of a giraffe with its back to the camera.	There is a highlighted angled portion of the blanket at the top left and another highlighted portion to the left of center bottom.
0	0	0	A man with a tie and a mustache standing in front of a mirror.	The microphone is very blurry in his hand in the bottom right corner.
0	0	0	A man holding a microphone in front of a microphone.	The singer has just brought the microphone up to his mouth and has just started singing. 
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a man in a wedding dress.	Both of the bride's hands are clearly visible and nearly touching the groom's hand.
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a man in a wedding dress.	The brides maid on the far left in the background of the picture has half of her head cut off at the top part of the picture. But you can still see her mouth/lips. 
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a man in a wedding dress.	The bride and the groom are touching hands and the groom is mostly visible with only the top of his head cut off. 
0	0	0	A couple of men standing next to a fire hydrant.	There is a green triangle on the middle right side. The hat is almost touching the top on the left but a little bit of yellow is visible above it.
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a table filled with food.	The middle girl is looking at the camera with a shock face. Only the top row of teeth are seen.
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a table full of food.	The girl on the right has completed looking all the way up and at the camera. Her hair is partially covering her left eye and she has kind of a surprised look on her face.  Her mouth is open. 
0	0	0	A dog standing on top of a person's feet.	A  black dog is positioned with the middle of its body in front of the person's left foot
0	0	0	A couple of people standing next to each other on a floor.	The dog is relatively far from the person in black socks but still completely in the picture.
0	0	0	A child riding a toy robot on a street corner.	The car is right in the middle of the dark black section of the road.
0	0	0	A small fire hydrant on the side of a road.	the car is positioned facing directly to the left in between two safety cones
0	0	0	A man and a woman standing next to each other.	The pastor is looking directly at the groom.  He has a smirk on his face and his mouth is completely closed. 
0	0	0	A man and a woman standing next to each other.	The pastor is looking at the groom.  The pastor's mouth is slightly open. 
0	0	0	A man and a woman standing next to each other.	The bride has her hands together and is not touching or reaching out to the groom. The bride and groom are looking at each other.
0	0	0	A street scene with a traffic light on the side of the road.	The jeep's back left tire has completely gotten past the circular manhole cover on the ground next to it.  
0	0	0	A man riding a bicycle on a city street.	The jeep is driving alongside a red and yellow truck that is going in the opposite direction.  You can see the full bottle on the side of the truck. 
0	0	0	A street scene with cars and trucks on the road.	There's a yellow truck with a bottle painted on the side. The neck of the bottle is cut off by the right edge.
0	0	0	A couple of people that are on a skateboard.	The boy is laying on his back with his two feet pointed towards the ceiling.
0	0	0	A woman is talking on a cell phone while sitting on a bench.	Very blurred with black girl far to the left and person in pink chair barely visible.
0	0	0	A girl sitting on a bench with a cell phone in her hand.	This photo is blurry and the can held by the girl in green is against her face and only the left arm and left leg and small amount of the body can be seen on the person in the pink chair. 
0	0	0	A woman sitting on a bench with a cell phone in her hand.	A blurry woman is holding a can that is barely touching her right cheek.The shoulder and string of a grey hoodie is seen in the pink chair.
0	0	0	A woman is standing on top of a bed.	The left side of the yellow part of the woman's underwear is cut off by the top of the frame.
0	0	0	A person is standing on top of a shoe.	Right knee of the woman is straight, the left knee is bent. Her left foot is behind her right leg. Only the very bottom of her outfit can be seen
0	0	0	A person walking around with a skateboard in the air.	A camera is flashing about one head length to the left of the woman in the center of the image
0	0	0	A person riding a skateboard in a public area.	the spot light touching the model's head from the front.
0	0	0	A plate with two cupcakes on it sitting on a table.	Two cupcakes in swirled dark wrappers and with nuts on top sit on a white stand with polka dot bow.
0	0	0	A cupcake with white icing on top of it.	the cake has a R symbol
0	0	0	A plate topped with a plate of chocolate cake on a table.	Two separate plates of cupcakes with forks on white plates.
0	0	0	A woman sitting next to a pony on a chair.	All three women are visible though the one on the left is only half a face.
0	0	0	A couple of women sitting on a couch.	Only the woman in pink and the woman in gray are in the picture.
0	0	0	Two women standing next to each other in a room.	Only half of the purple ball on the far left is visible next to the head of the woman in red, while the rest is offsscreen..
0	0	0	A man standing next to a refrigerator in a kitchen.	A large amount of the hand towel hanging on the oven door is visible.
0	0	0	A man standing in a room with a white shirt on.	The man is facing our right, and you can see a black appliance to our right, but only a small bit of the white stried things on the appliance.
0	0	0	A view of a metal bench with a fire extinguisher on it.	The gun is pointed exactly at the very back end of a large truck but not pointed at a wheel. 
0	0	0	A picture of a gun being used to shoot a movie.	A gun is being aimed between a pole and a truck with writing. Two bullet cases are to the right of the gun.
0	0	0	A group of people standing around a room full of people.	The bongo drums on the right are visible and the man's feet are pointed in towards each other.
0	0	0	A group of people standing around a room full of people.	The black person in the center has one leg forward and straight, while the closer leg is slightly bent at the knee and back of the straight leg.
0	0	0	A group of people standing next to each other.	The man in the center's left leg is completely blocked by his right leg. 
0	0	0	A large collection of colorful items in a room.	About half of the pompom on the winter hat is cut off at the top of the image. 
0	0	0	A close up of a person holding a bag of candy.	About 80 percent of the pom-pom on the hat is visible.
0	0	0	A photo of a bunch of colorful props on a table.	The boy's stocking cap is fully visible but none of his jacket.
0	0	0	A group of people standing in front of a basketball court.	The man wearing a jersey with a number is in front with his arm up straight and the cheerleader to his right has her arm down.
0	0	0	A group of women playing basketball on a court.	The center figure is in a white player's uniform and has both arms held downward at his sides.
0	0	0	A group of people that are standing next to each other.	there is a guy just entering the scene on the right, you can see his full body with red on his sleeve just touching the edge of the shot
0	0	0	a close up of a woman looking at her phone.	the blond woman's blurred hand is in the bottom right corner and her hair blocks one of her eyes
0	0	0	A woman brushing her teeth with a cell phone.	The woman's hair on the right is covering her left eye.  There is a strand of hair that is just below the right eye
0	0	0	A woman holding a cell phone in her hand.	The person's hair on the right is covering most of her eyes.  One single bunch is mostly covering both eyes
0	0	0	Two women walking down a street with luggage.	Girl with white tank top has her right arm up and directly in line with girl with sunglasses up close
0	0	0	a close up of a person holding a bowl of vegetables.	Most of the hand is visible with it in the top right. The spoon is touching the bottom edge of the image.
0	0	0	A person holding a bowl of hot peppers in a kitchen.	The inside of the spoon is at the bottom left. The spoon handle is right above the pot handle without touching it.
0	0	0	A close up of a woman in a white dress.	The image is just starting to transition to the woman kissing.
0	0	0	A couple of football players running towards each other.	A picture of a person with a black and green jersey with the ball in his left hand.  He is being tackled by a person with a red helmet is completely laid out with only his feet on the ground. 
0	0	0	A couple of football players running towards each other.	The man with a number on his back's torso is horizontal and coming in from the right edge of the frame. 
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a car with a stop sign.	The girl's mouth and eyes are wide open and she is facing the camera. You can see her top teeth.
0	0	0	A woman standing on the side of a road with a bicycle.	The girl's head is blocking the entire right side of the car.  Her mouth is slightly open and her eyes are all the way open. 
0	0	0	A woman sitting on the side of a road with a ponytail.	The woman has her right eye closed with her left eye half open.
0	0	0	a close up of a woman sitting in a chair.	a smiling woman in glasses wearing a blue and white polka dotted dress
0	0	0	A woman sitting in front of a table with a glass of wine.	Woman looking down to her left, wearing a grayish white longsleeve with collar, her right side of hair is tucked behind her right ear
0	0	0	A woman sitting at a table with a cell phone.	The woman smiling has a pink flower on her grey jacket and is sitting in front of a brick background.
0	0	0	Two planes sitting on top of an airport tarmac.	Two planes in the background with a tail fin in the foreground.  The fin in the foreground is red, white, and blue. 
0	0	0	A British Airways jetliner sitting on top of a runway.	Many planes on the ground in the background while another one is coming in for a landing in the foreground.  The plane that is landing is facing to the left. 
0	0	0	A row of airplanes lined up next to each other.	A row of airplanes all facing toward the right with their noses hidden. The ground is light tan with yellow and black markings on the left side.
0	0	0	A person serving a bowl of food with a spoon.	the tongs are lightly touching the foil and both are up in the air not touching the plate
0	0	0	A room with a bed and a chair in it.	theres a cross above the bed and a suitcase under the bed.
0	0	0	A man is sitting on a table in a room.	two men in a dirty room filled with papers
0	0	0	A motorcyclist riding on a dirt bike in the middle of a muddy road.	A large offroad vehicle is kicking up dirt and dust in a grassy field. There is no pole or other vehicle visible. There is a smaller cloud of dust directly behind the front right wheel.
0	0	0	A man holding a video game controller in his hand.	the hand is holding the yellow dog dish at a 45 degree angle obscuring the dog
0	0	0	a close up of a dog that is standing next to a vase.	A hand is holding a dish. Most of the hand is illuminated while the wrist up is brown.
0	0	0	A black and white dog standing in a room.	The bowl is on the ground.  The hand on the person can be seen on the upper right corner but no food is seen. 
0	0	0	A picture of a bowl of soup on a plate.	The spoon is in the direct center of the bowl with the bottom half coated in an orange sauce.
0	0	0	A bowl filled with some sort of sauce on top of a plate.	The paddle is mostly covered with orange batter. It is lifted up from the batter with some of the batter stretching from the paddle into the main batter. The paddle is closer to the left side of the bowl.
0	0	0	A bowl of food that is sitting on top of a plate.	The spoon is on the far left side of the pan.  It's barely visible because its cover in sauce.
0	0	0	A man is standing in front of a bunch of kites.	The cap is making a thicker black band and smaller white band above and both hands touching blue object
0	0	0	A bowl filled with chocolate cake on top of a plate.	Dumping chocolate batter into a cake pan. Chocolate is at the edge of the bowl but none has fallen in the cake pan yet
0	0	0	A golden brown golden brown pastry is sitting on top of a bowl.	The batter is touching the parchment paper inside the cake tin. 
0	0	0	A plant that is in a pot on a table.	Overhead shot of plant on light wooden floor. Equal amounts of green spiky sprouts, healthy looking
0	0	0	A plant that is sitting on a tile floor.	A pretty tall plant in front of a white door.  The pot is black and is on a brown floor and not a table. 
0	0	0	A plant that is growing in a vase.	A small spider plant that is white and green.  More of the leaves are towards the front and to the right. 
0	0	0	A group of people standing around a display of colorful objects.	There is a white circle just above the light in the lower right corner.
0	0	0	A group of people playing with a frisbee.	The camera that was in the lower right corner of the image has completely disappeared.  The person on the far left of the group touching the ball who has a red skirt on has only one hand on the ball. 
0	0	0	A woman walking down a street carrying a dog.	Part of the woman in the tan jacket's face is covered by her own hand
0	0	0	Two women standing next to each other in a park.	The girl in black has her hand partially out of frame
0	0	0	A group of people that are walking in a field.	the women in brown is center of the shot, turned to the camera waving, there is 3 others in shot
0	0	0	a close up of a plate with a spoon on it.	Triangular black and white plate with a green ball in the center of it.
0	0	0	A bowl of ice cream sits on top of a table.	The ice-cream in a tall white ceramic container is greenish-orange with a bit of whipped cream and a cherry on top. 
0	0	0	a close up of a bowl of ice cream on a table.	There's a green scoop of dessert in the middle of a black flowery bowl with a spoon at the bottom right of it
0	0	0	A woman holding a picture of herself on a computer screen.	The man's left hand who is behind the woman is blocking part of his own face. 
0	0	0	A woman sitting on top of a chair with a black hairline.	The man's left hand who is behind the woman is blocking most of the woman's face. 
0	0	0	A couple of people laying on top of a basketball court.	The black helmet wrestler is sitting on the blue wrestler with his left hand pressed straight down.
0	0	0	A couple of people laying on top of a basketball court.	It looks like the wrestler in black is sitting on the other wrestler with his arms held out and away from his body. 
0	0	0	A couple of people standing on a tennis court.	The person on top in the black has his back to the mat.  His right arm is bent backwards very awkwardly and pointed at the ground. 
0	0	0	A man standing next to a table full of food.	The older woman behind the man in the center has just passed behind the man in the center and is fully visible. 
0	0	0	A man standing next to a table full of food.	The hand at bottom left is grasping something white, but this person's face is unseen.
0	0	0	A man standing next to a table full of food.	The older woman behind the man in the center is almost completely obscured with only a tiny portion of her skirt visible. 
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a man in a room.	Both women are raising their hands, witht he woman in pink having her mouth open while the other is showing teeth
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a man in a living room.	The lady in black has hands clasped and head tilted back with mouth wide open. The lady in Pink has both arms up. Both lady are in a slight crouch position. 
0	0	0	A couple of people standing in front of a television.	The woman in pink has her hand slightly covering the lower right part of the man's face in back.  Her mouth is open and you can see her tongue.  
0	0	0	a close up of a person holding a cell phone.	You can see a hand in front of a purple book.  The thumb on the hand is easily visible but the other fingers are very blurry. 
0	0	0	A close up of a person holding a book.	There is a hand in front of a purple book.  Most of the fingers are easily visible but there is some blur on the hand. 
0	0	0	a close up of a person holding a cell phone.	The left hand is covering most of the yellow barcode on the book, only a small yellow line is seen.
0	0	0	A man riding on the back of a horse.	The person on the horse is facing to the left.  The horse looks like it is on its front toes and the left front leg is slightly bent.  
0	0	0	A man riding on the back of a horse.	The horse and rider are facing to the left.  The horse has started to rear back a little.  You can clearly see all four legs of the horse. 
0	0	0	A man riding on the back of a horse.	The horse is facing to the left with both the front and back pair of legs touching.
0	0	0	A person is cutting up a cake on a table.	Some of the fingers are hidden behind the pink cake for the first time as the hand appears to touch the cake. 
0	0	0	a close up of a cake with roses on it.	The hand appears to be touching the cake.  You can only really see the person's wrist and hand. 
0	0	0	a close up of a large number of roses in a cake.	The person's palm is towards us and touching the left bottom corner of the cake. There is a small amount of dark space between the right bottom corner of the photo and the edge of the cake.
0	0	0	A couple of women sitting on a bench in front of a car.	The woman on the far left has her back to the camera so you can't see any of her face.  Her right hand is visible but very blurry.  
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a woman who is holding a Frisbee.	You can see the woman's right sunglasses lens who is on the left side of the image.  You can see her right arm and hand clearly but her left arm is hidden by her body. 
0	0	0	A woman holding a frisbee in a park.	You can see most of the girl in front's head. She is facing our right. The top of her head is cut off by the top edge of the frame.
0	0	0	A dog laying on top of a pile of rocks.	The cinders are being raked, the rake is slightly blurry, no leaves
0	0	0	A black and white animal laying on top of a pile of dirt.	There is a stick that is just above the ashes of a fire. It is not touching the ashes. 
0	0	0	A group of birds laying on top of a pile of dirt.	The stick has been removed.  There a a couple of glowing coals near the lower left hand part of the picture. 
0	0	0	A man standing in the water holding a surfboard.	A splash in the center of the screen at the top of a wave is visible
0	0	0	A man standing in the water holding a surfboard.	Surfer can be seen just a little bit above the wave with some white splashing water to the right
0	0	0	A picture of a man holding a surfboard on a beach.	The surfer has just disappeared over the wave.  The text is complete at the bottom. 
0	0	0	A person holding a metal pot on top of a counter.	The green cap on the object the person is pouring out of has disappeared completely off the top of the image.  The spoon is full of liquid and upright. 
0	0	0	A person holding a metal pot on top of a counter.	The spoon is full of the fish sauce, but the sauce is not visible due to the angle of the spoon.
0	0	0	A person holding a metal pot on top of a table.	The white spoon is held sideways with liquid pouring out of it.
0	0	0	A little girl playing with toys in a room.	The girl is covering the left edge of the blue table and half of the purple animal's face.  The blue cap animal is holding someting green.
0	0	0	A child playing with a stuffed animal on a bed.	You can fully see both of the characters eyes. Also, you can see both of the girl's hands.
0	0	0	A little girl in a blue dress playing with a string of balloons.	The girl's head blocks the mascot eye. Only one eye towards the left of the picture is visible. Her hand is on a blue balloon and the other hand is between the column and wall. 
0	0	0	A group of people playing a game at a pool.	At least three pool tables are visible, some reflected in a mirror. A man in a white shirt is about to hit a ball with a cue stick. You can see his reflection behind him. 
0	0	0	A group of people playing ping pong on a pool table.	One red pool table with a bunch of people standing around. There is another red table perpendicular in the background.
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a pool table.	One red pool table with two older men playing.
0	0	0	A man sitting at a table with a baby in his lap.	The white plate is visible but no pizza.
0	0	0	A man standing next to a child in a chair.	The toddler's head is in the far left bottom corner, and no plate is visible by the other person's bent arm.
0	0	0	A man standing next to a woman in a suit.	a man in a black suit is reaching towards a man in a grey suit the man in blak has his hand closed and about level with the brides head. 
0	0	0	A man standing next to a woman in a suit.	the yellow flower in groom's chest is right below a red flower in the background
0	0	0	A picture of a refrigerator and a video game.	The bottom picture is almost all red with very little black showing
0	0	0	A picture of a couple of pizza boxes on the floor.	Top left text box has a black background with full visible words.
0	0	0	A picture of a kitchen with a television on it.	The top left rectangle is completely black.
0	0	0	A little boy is playing with a baseball bat.	The piñata is facing the boy and the bat is blocking the tree in the back. 
0	0	0	A child playing with a baseball bat on a lawn.	The back of pinata is completely visible after getting hit.
0	0	0	A boy and girl are hugging each other on a beach.	Between the couple faces, only a red polka dot dress is visible.
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a crowd of people.	Most of the woman in blue is on frame except for the back of her right arm
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a crowd of people.	Woman stands in front of a man so he is only half visible as she smiles.
0	0	0	A picture of a person playing a game of Frisbee.	the back legs of the animal are covered by the grey block
0	0	0	A picture of a dog playing with a raccoon.	The cartoon raccoon is covering up most of the yellow box on the table. 
0	0	0	A picture of a dog on a motorbike.	There is a small green spherical object near the right side of the raccoon on the table.  You can see the entire green ball. 
0	0	0	A man is holding a plate of food on a table.	Can see the man's mouth but not his nose
0	0	0	A man is holding a bunch of food on a metal plate.	A man is holding a platter of meat. The only part of his face that you can see is his chin.
0	0	0	Two young women sitting in front of a television.	There are two women looking straight ahead.
0	0	0	A woman sitting in front of a television screen.	A close up of a single woman with brown hair.
0	0	0	A small child sitting in front of a television.	Two girls in the frame. The one with black hair has her hand covering her face. 
0	0	0	A person is mixing chocolate and marshmallows in a bowl.	The person's right hand holds the spatula flat towards the viewer. Their thumb and index fingers are visible.
0	0	0	A person mixing marshmallows in a bowl.	the spatula is away from the substance in the bowl, with the writing fading away at the bottom
0	0	0	A person mixing food in a large bowl.	The index finger is over spoon with other finger partially visible and spoon in middle of bowl.
0	0	0	a close up of a bowl of food on a table.	The spoon is not in the food. There is a lot of yellow on the spoon. The spoon is covering the green food located on the left side of the picture.
0	0	0	A bowl full of food on a table.	The spoon is in the bowl and scooped up an egg yolk. The sausage piece is lifted up slightly but the spoon isn't lifted out of the bowl yet. A hand is pinching the edge of the bowl.
0	0	0	A woman sitting at a table with a child.	There is no gap between the flowers the girl is holding and the flowers hanging on the chair of the woman in the black dress.
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a railing near a fence.	The woman has the biggest smile showing both the top and bottom of her teeth. 
0	0	0	A group of people standing on top of a large military vehicle.	A tank with 6 nearby soldiers
0	0	0	A large army truck driving down the road.	Tank with setting sun to the left of it, big gun up in the air in the middle of screen
0	0	0	A couple of trucks driving around on the road.	One tank facing to the left with a lot of fire coming out of the big gun. 
0	0	0	A boy standing next to a plate of food on a table.	In the top left corner one letter is entirely visible, the next is almost entirely visible, and the third is covered at the top and bottom.
0	0	0	A boy is reading a book on a table.	The boy's right forearm is not seen, but the inside of his right elbow is on the left.
0	0	0	A little boy is using a cell phone on a table.	The blurry arm is closer to the bottom left side of the picture. The blurry hand is partially cut off at the left bottom. 
0	0	0	A black and white photo of a woman and a raccoon.	A person is in the foreground of a blurry black and white image in the bottom right corner
0	0	0	A photo of a tennis court with a racquet on it.	The first shot of an overhead view of several players
0	0	0	A picture of two men in a room.	Man is looking over his left shoulder, blue ribbon over white circle on the right
0	0	0	A group of people walking down a crowded street.	There is no picture overlay.  There is a man running in the center. 
0	0	0	A group of people walking down a crowded street.	There is a slight image overly.  The running man has his left elbow at the hip of the man with the stripe sweater.
0	0	0	A group of people playing basketball on a court.	There is a person in white on the left side of the image who is just about to serve the ball with one hand. 
0	0	0	A group of people playing basketball on a court.	The person in white has served the ball and it is in the air. Only two members of the white team can be seen. 
0	0	0	A person jumping into the air to catch a ball.	The ball is in the air near the blue player on the white team.
0	0	0	A group of people standing next to each other in a gym.	The girl in the pink and orange tank top is blurry. You can see her eyes and her legs..
0	0	0	A blurry image of a person holding a kite in the water.	There are small cat ears on top of the oval and there are red and blue colors outside of the oval.
0	0	0	A colorful kite that has a sign on it.	It looks like two ears on top of the white oval. The left one has pink shading on both sides, the right one has blue shading on both sides.
0	0	0	A group of people standing on a field with a Frisbee.	The player is holding a footbal with his arm at a 90 degree angle preparing to throw it
0	0	0	A group of people standing on top of a field.	There is a man in a baseball cap sitting on the bench. You can see most of his head. The player to his right, in the background, is bent over. The other player with the number on his back is about to throw something but hasn't thrown it yet.
0	0	0	A person is holding a cell phone in their hand.	The person has unfolded the item to the point where the green image on it is visible but it's not totally unwrapped yet
0	0	0	A person is standing in front of a bus.	The boy with the red hat is off the bus with both feet down on the ground. His face is still pretty much in shadow. 
0	0	0	A person standing next to a bus on a city bus.	A little boy in a red hat has just stepped off the bus, the sun is on his face. The fingers on both his hands are curled.
0	0	0	A woman with a hat on her head and a hat on her head.	You can start to see the fingers on the woman's left hand who has glasses on.  You can't see her right arm at all. 
0	0	0	A woman wearing a hat and a hat talking on a cell phone.	The woman in the sunglasses is looking at another woman with her arms crossed. Only her right forearm and left hand are seen.
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a black dog.	The woman with white hair is looking over to the right slightly. Her elbow is almost touching the bottom right corner.
0	0	0	A laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.	There is slightly less blur.  You can still see 1/3 of the computer on the left.
0	0	0	A laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.	close up picture of the black laptop monitor
0	0	0	A dog that is standing in front of a fence.	The alpaca nose is pointing straight up and located just under the highest leaf without touching it.  The alpaca mouth is closed.
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a wall.	The man looks to the left with an open mouth and mostly shut eyes
0	0	0	A man that is standing in front of a wall.	Man is looking to left, no hands can be seen, and upper and lower teeth can be seen.
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a wall.	Man is looking to his left with his hand below his chin at the top of his shirt with only his pointer finger and tip of his thumb showing.
0	0	0	A fountain with a fountain in the middle of it.	A fountain bubbles upward at center but has visible falls, one on each side, moving water downward.
0	0	0	A person is standing in a park with a fountain in the middle of it.	Fountain that is very dark on the left side. Small figure built into the fountain that is looking up
0	0	0	A fountain with a fountain in the middle of it.	Three fountains with several mini-sprays can be seen, in daytime with the most grass.
0	0	0	A picture of a frisbee in the grass.	No people are visible, and the blue ball is close to the edge of the right side of the image
0	0	0	A blue ball that is in a grassy area.	Only a blue blurred ball is center right 
0	0	0	A soccer ball that is kicking in the grass.	You see a blue ball in the middle and only one blurry foot of the boy. 
0	0	0	A room with a lot of wooden boards on the floor.	The corner of the wall is on the left and covering a quarter of the screen, the bottom is lighted. 
0	0	0	A row of wooden benches in a room.	The person with the crowbar just has finished going around a corner and is looking at the end of the hallway. 
0	0	0	A man standing next to a river with a pair of binoculars.	The dog in the foreground is facing towards the right side of the image.  Its head is roughly level with the rest of its body.  Its left ear is right on the edge of the shining reflection in the pool. 
0	0	0	A dog standing on top of a body of water.	The dog is looking to the right.  It's head is perked up and is much higher than the rest of its body.  The head of the dog is covering a lot of the shining reflection in the water. 
0	0	0	A young child is holding a video game controller.	The girl's face is blurry with her hair covering the right side. Her face is looking up.
0	0	0	A woman standing in a room holding a video game controller.	The right side of the child's face is cut off on the left side of the image.  Her eyes are closed but you could seen both eyes if she had them open.  Her mouth appears slightly open.  Her left hand is just starting to come off of the blanket she has on top of her. 
0	0	0	A person is cutting a piece of plastic with scissors.	The person is moving the object in the egg away from the camera. The fingers on the right hand appear to be just barely touching the object. 
0	0	0	A person is holding a pair of scissors in their hands.	The two half of the egg are separated. The half with stuff inside is to the left of the red box on the table, there is a tiny line gap between them.
0	0	0	A person is holding a pair of scissors in their hands.	The plastic egg is open and the two sides are furthest away from each other.
0	0	0	A kitchen with a table and chairs in the middle of it.	A kitchen with white cabinets and a purple wall
0	0	0	A dining room with a table and chairs.	A yellow chair is in the center in front of a wooden table.
0	0	0	A white table and chairs sit in a room.	There are some white chairs around a table with a white tablecloth.  There is a small white light above the table. 
0	0	0	A plate filled with food on a table.	A slightly less close-up shot of a sandwich.
0	0	0	A plate filled with food on a table.	Only one green stripe on the salt shaker behind the plated food can be seen. 
0	0	0	A plate filled with food on a table.	The strawberry's are almost touching the top of the image.
0	0	0	Two urinals sitting next to each other in a bathroom.	Two white urinals side by side against a white wall. 
0	0	0	A toilet with a lid on top of it.	A white toilet with a white wall and light grey floor tiles. It is very close up so you can't actually see the entire toilet. 
0	0	0	A white toilet sitting next to a white tiled bathroom.	A single toilet with handle bars on the two sides for disability.
0	0	0	A man with a knife cutting a sandwich on a plate.	The man is looking up at the camera with his eyes somewhat squinted.  His mouth is totally closed and only one hand is seen at the bottom. 
0	0	0	A man with a knife on a kitchen counter.	The man is looking up at the camera with his eyes squinted and his mouth in an O shape.  Only one hand is seen at the bottom. 
0	0	0	A man cutting a piece of food off of a bowl.	The cook's eyes are squinted and he is showing his teeth, but mostly his top teeth and just a tiny bit of bottom teeth are visible. His face is slightly blurred, especially his mouth. 
0	0	0	Two white swans are swimming in the water.	A white swan and a black duck
0	0	0	A white swan sitting on top of a body of water.	 Swan with black above it's bill faces to the left, the end of the tail is cut off by right side of frame though.
0	0	0	A white swan swimming in a body of water.	There is a white duck with some ripples around in a darker water with some rocks to left of duck
0	0	0	A person is holding a toy with a baby on it.	The red letters on the bottom right side are touching the bowl and plate.
0	0	0	A person is holding a doll that is holding a toy.	The dog's nose in the center appears to make contact with the side of the spout of the little teapot the person is bringing down.
0	0	0	A person is cooking a cake on a table.	A fin-like handle on the bowl is pointed to the bottom left corner. A blurry thumb is in the other corner.
0	0	0	A person with a bowl of chocolate on top of a plate.	The person's left thumb and most of their left forefinger are visible, at top most part, some of their right hand seems to also be visible above the battered pan.
0	0	0	A woman holding a cell phone in her hand.	The women is at the top left with only half her mouth and nose shown.
0	0	0	A woman holding a small child's arm.	The man's face is not visible at all. The woman's mouth is fully visible.
0	0	0	A woman holding a cell phone in her hand.	You can barely see the man's mouth and nose on the far left side of the image.  You can't see any of his eyes. 
0	0	0	A couple of people standing in front of a bedroom.	the person in the white shirt is facing directly to the left while the person jumping on the bed is facing directly to the right
0	0	0	A couple of people standing in front of a bed.	The person jumping on the bed has there back showing. There is a bright light touching the inside of their left leg.
0	0	0	A woman holding a salad in a pot on a table.	The spoon is scooping the white stuff and the whole left thumb nail is visible.
0	0	0	A person holding a bowl of food on top of a table.	A woman is adding salt to a dish and the spoon is full of salt.
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a group of people.	The man in black has his hand on the chest of the man in blue. His hand is below the green writing.
0	0	0	A man standing next to a group of men.	There is green and white text at the bottom of the screen.  All three men are looking directly at the camera. 
0	0	0	A man standing next to a group of men.	There is text.  The black shirt guy has his eyes closed, mouth wide open, and his arms are out in front like he is about to hold a box.
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a brown bear.	The girl has her mouth slightly open and she is looking to the left.  She is holding a towel and a brown item.  Her eyes are completely visible. You can see only one thumb or finger.  
0	0	0	A woman standing in a park with a camera in her hand.	Her right eye is cut off at top of image but you can see here left eye color and lower eyeball.
0	0	0	a close up of a person holding a cell phone.	You can see the back of a book but it is pretty blurry.  Both hands are still touching the book but only the right thumb is touching the back of the book. The hands are slightly blurry.  
0	0	0	a close up of a person holding a cell phone.	Only one hand is seen touching the book with only the right thumb on the back.  A very small amount of the left hand is seen on the very bottom left corner of the image. 
0	0	0	A person holding a cell phone in front of a book.	Two or three knuckles on the left hand are visible in the left corner, but no individual fingers. The white bracelet is not visible.
0	0	0	A young boy standing in front of a Christmas tree.	The boy has fully opened the toy and is in the process of tossing the wrapping paper behind him, with some of the paper sticking out in front of him and some behind
0	0	0	A child standing next to a collection of toys.	The wrapping paper in the boy's hand is elongated and in most of the upper right hand corner of the picture. 
0	0	0	A plate topped with strawberries on a table.	strawberries sitting on a blue plate
0	0	0	A bowl filled with berries on a table.	There is a red plastic bowl of strawberries and a wooden spoon.
0	0	0	A white plate topped with strawberries and a bowl of strawberries.	Cut strawberries in a shallow yellow and white dish. 
0	0	0	A child is cutting a piece of fruit on a turntable.	Almost the entire knife is visible with only the top not seen on the far left.  The top edge of the blade is parallel to the top of the picture. 
0	0	0	A couple of cars driving down the road.	There is a streetlight on the right. The streetlight has two red light at the bottom and the black back of the lights on top.
0	0	0	A car driving down a busy street.	No stoplights or crosswalk signals are seen. There is a object on the left side of the road with an arrow on top of it that is right alongside the car in front. 
0	0	0	A person cutting a cake with a knife.	You can see the woman's bracelet clearly. The napkin is visible but does not cover any part of the woman's hands or arms. 
0	0	0	A bunch of hair on top of a bed.	The "x" on the left side is clearly visible with just a tiny bit cut off, and just below the center line of the image.
0	0	0	A couple of hair dryers sitting on a bed.	The smallest piece is fully seen in the center left of the picture.  There is no blur at all. 
0	0	0	A group of women standing next to each other on a beach.	A woman in a brown and purple stripped shirt is in the middle. Her left foot is lifted and there is something black covering just the bottom part of her left calf.
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a group of people.	Woman holding but has right shoulder kissing edge of right part of frame.
0	0	0	A toddler sitting on top of a table with a teddy bear.	the kid with the green hat's hat and hand are visible in the bottom left corner
0	0	0	A child is standing in front of a table with stuffed animals.	The top of the boy's green hat is appearing to just touch the dog's right arm.  You can only see the boy in green's right hand but not the left. 
0	0	0	A young boy standing next to a table with balloons.	The boy in green is starting to block some of the dog's body.  The right ear on the hat is right next to the star on the dog's uniform. 
0	0	0	A car that is parked next to a tree.	The very front of the white car is blocked by a tree
0	0	0	A black car that is parked in the middle of a field.	A tree conceals the front of the white vehicle, covering almost all the windshield.
0	0	0	Two cars are parked next to each other on the side of a road.	Dark tree is blocking half of the cars front wheel
0	0	0	Two men standing next to each other in front of a television.	The wrestle's elbow is below the first rope.
0	0	0	A couple of men standing next to each other.	A camera flash to the left of the man in white trunks makes an x on the picture
0	0	0	A couple of people standing next to each other.	One of the wrestler has his hand on the elbow of the other wrestler. 
0	0	0	A man standing next to a woman in a dress.	The woman has her back to the camera with her arm straight up and her head is blocking half of the man's face.
0	0	0	A man standing next to a pole on a stage.	The woman is in front of the man with her arms up and only the man's right eye can be seen. 
0	0	0	A man standing next to a woman in a dress.	The male dancer is looking down at the woman while she has her left arm around his shoulder.
0	0	0	A person is using a knife to cut a piece of food.	The man's pointer finger is not fully visible and the food is still together. 
0	0	0	A person is holding a piece of pizza.	One full hand and 2 fingers from the other hand are fully visible 
0	0	0	A close up of a person holding a blue feather.	A blue egg is in a person's hand.
0	0	0	A pile of red and white eggs sitting on top of each other.	There are multiple red oval objects. 
0	0	0	A colorful vase filled with colorful flowers.	An egg with purple and pink flowers on the surface.
0	0	0	A couple of people standing next to each other in a room.	The lady in red has most of her head cut off. All that is visible is her chin poking out at the top of the picture. 
0	0	0	A couple of people standing next to each other.	You can see the model's nose and mouth who has a red dress on.  You can't see her eyes. 
0	0	0	A close up of a woman wearing a fancy dress.	You can see the model's face who has a red dress on.  You can't see the top of her head and it looks like she isn't wearing anything on her head. 
0	0	0	A black and white hat sitting on top of a rack.	A single pair of gloves with the fingers pointing towards the right side of the screen
0	0	0	A bag that is sitting on top of a table.	A blue bag with a floral background. 
0	0	0	A black and white photo of a black and white glove.	Pair of black gloves
0	0	0	A man and a woman sitting next to each other on a table.	They are very close together with their heads close together.
0	0	0	A man standing next to a woman holding a bottle of water.	The woman is bent back with a laugh. Her bracelet is by the blue cap of the water bottle at the end of the table.
0	0	0	A man standing next to a woman holding a drink.	The woman on the left has her right hand in a fist up near her face. 
0	0	0	A couple of children standing on top of a pool.	You can no longer see the girl's eyes for the first time in the far back.
0	0	0	a close up of a man with headphones on.	His mouth is open wide but only his top teeth are showing.
0	0	0	A close up of a person with headphones on.	His mouth is closed with his top teeth showing, his eyebrows are showing, just the very top is cut off.
0	0	0	A person jumping up and down in the air.	The person is in a flip. The position of the body looks like he is hanging upside down with arms together. 
0	0	0	A photo of a person on a broom handle.	A woman is tumbling through the air, her face is facing upwards. Her knees are pulled up close to her chest. Her torso is tilted slightly backwards.
0	0	0	A bunch of bananas hanging from a row of bananas.	The very tip of the snake's nose is not visible. 
0	0	0	A row of bananas on top of each other.	The entire snake's head is completely visible and at the very top of the picture. 
0	0	0	A man and a woman standing next to each other.	The bride has her hand out, it is not blurry. The groom is reaching to put the ring on her finger but is not touching her yet.
0	0	0	A man and a woman standing next to each other on a wedding cake.	The guy is touching the woman's hand with only his right hand.
0	0	0	A man and a woman standing next to each other on a wedding day.	The groom is holding the bride's hand with both of his hands.
0	0	0	A bag that is sitting on top of a plastic bag.	A metal object appears and is touching the left side of the bag of white powder. 
0	0	0	A bag filled with food in a plastic bag.	A toothbrush appears at the top center of the picture.  Some fingers are seen touching the right side of the bag of white powder. 
0	0	0	A person holding a bag on top of a plastic bag.	A hand has an index finger inside the bag and a middle finger outside the bag. The toothbrush is touching the ziplock part of the bag.
0	0	0	A close up of a car that is parked on the side of a road.	The engine part being held by the person is fully visible. There is only a sliver of skin seen to the right of the person's left gloved hand.
0	0	0	A woman is standing in front of a white pickup truck.	There is a man and his left hand has just gotten off the right side of the image.  His right fingers are very close to the Jeep's right headlight. His mouth is slightly open. 
0	0	0	A man wearing a hat and sunglasses walks down the street.	The man looks like he is smiling at the camera with teeth together.  His left hand is off the right side of the image.
0	0	0	A man wearing a jacket and tie is talking on a laptop.	The performer is facing the camera with hands up and the mouth in a puckered/o shape.
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a refrigerator.	There is a man looking down with his mouth slightly open so you can see some teeth.  He appears to be smiling slightly and the picture isn't blurry at all. 
0	0	0	A couple of women sitting on a bed next to each other.	The woman has three fingers on her wrist while her pinky finger is just barely touching it.  The image is pretty clear and not blurry. 
0	0	0	A woman holding a cell phone in her hand.	The woman has four fingers on her wrist.  The thumb is also touching farther up the arm.  The image is pretty clear with very little blur. 
0	0	0	A car that is parked next to a parking meter.	One taillight is showing and the whole license plate cutout is visible.
0	0	0	A man standing next to a parked car.	On the upper left to middle side of this image, you can see the back end of a silver car parked on cement.  The car's left tail light is merging with the text in the top left corner.  Only part of the left tail light is visible.  
0	0	0	A car that is parked next to a parking meter.	the windows and just a bit more of the back of the car are covered by that top black bar adn even some of the front tire. the side of the car is almost not quite touching the left side of the frame
0	0	0	A person cutting a pair of scissors with a pair of scissors.	the peeler is just beginning to peel the cucumber, no white flesh has yet been exposed.
0	0	0	A person is cutting a banana on a table.	There is text at the bottom of the picture. The cucumber is about to get peeled for the first time with a inch already peeled. 
0	0	0	A person holding a piece of banana on top of a table.	One slice of skin has been mostly, but not entirely peeled.
0	0	0	A woman is standing in front of a computer monitor.	Woman has right finger pointed up with her head tilted to the right with mouth open
0	0	0	A picture of a woman with a placard on her head.	The woman has her finger in the air, but it is in line with the level of her mouth.
0	0	0	A close up of a woman with a sign on her head.	The woman's eyes are mostly closed. Her hands are not visible.
0	0	0	A group of people sitting on a bench talking on a cell phone.	The woman in grey pants is making a peace sign with her hand closest to the camera
0	0	0	A group of women standing next to each other on a bench.	The first woman is looking at the camera with her mouth open and top teeth showing. There is a small gap between her hair and the edge of the frame. The woman next to her is not looking at the camera.
0	0	0	A couple of people sitting in front of a mirror.	The man in blue has his mouth open as he faces directly towards the person in black, and both of his hands are visible
0	0	0	A man standing next to a woman in a mirror.	The man in blue has his hand the nearest to his face in a claw shape.  He has a slight smile on his face. 
0	0	0	A couple of people standing in front of a mirror.	The man in blue has his hand in a claw shape pointed towards his face and it's farther away from his face. 
0	0	0	A wooden cabinet next to a wooden desk.	A cabinet with five drawers faces to the left. There is a smaller table to its right with a white object on it.
0	0	0	A very ornate wooden cabinet sitting on top of a table.	The cabinet has a goldish countertop with gold handle and gold trim at the legs.
0	0	0	A wooden cabinet sitting in a room.	A cabinet with four drawers vertically. It is blocking a chair in the background. 
0	0	0	A black and white photo of a person standing on a sidewalk.	A picture of two people riding bicycles. 
0	0	0	A man is standing in the middle of a room.	There's a line drawing of a man in a backwards baseball cap touching his head with his left hand and his butt with his right hand.
0	0	0	A black and white penguin standing next to a computer.	A penguin holding a piece of paper with text on it. 
0	0	0	A person holding a sharp object on a wooden floor.	An image of two white characters and one of them is pulling on a red knob. 
0	0	0	A figurine of a cartoon character standing next to a wall.	There's a picture of a cartoon with a moustache.
0	0	0	A woman is bending over to brush her hair.	The woman is looking down at her hands near her chest and her mouth is slightly open.  The right hand is higher than the left hand and her right thumb is near her neck. 
0	0	0	A woman walking on a beach with a pink frisbee.	The woman has both hands over her chest.  Her mouth is wide open and you can see her top teeth. 
0	0	0	A couple of people standing in a park with a hat on.	All feet are flat on the ground. The bride is holding the front of her dress up. Her hands are a bit blurry, but you can see both of them and her bracelet.
0	0	0	A man and a woman are standing in the grass.	Half of the bride's right foot is sticking out from under her dress.
0	0	0	A man and woman standing in front of a lawn.	the tip of bride's shoe touches the white tissue (only hers)
0	0	0	A group of people walking in front of a building.	The text at the bottom is fully lit for the first time. The first letter of the text is just below the person with the black jacket on. 
0	0	0	A group of people standing in front of a building.	The text is fully lit up at the bottom of the image.  The man in the back who is closest to the camera has his left leg forward and the text is fully to his right. 
0	0	0	A group of people walking on a sidewalk next to a building.	The man in the green jacket is standing up straight. His body is blocking half of the person in red.
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a car with a microphone.	The text is at the right side of the red box, but the camera logo is not on the other side.
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a jeep on the side of a road.	There is a red banner with writing on it at the bottom left. The woman's lips are apart but her teeth are together, both her top and bottom teeth are showing.
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a jeep on a road.	The hand holding the phone is visible, but it's blurry. Her mouth is open but slightly pursed, only two top teeth are showing.
0	0	0	A person holding a bag of food in their hands.	The entire bar is inside the frame. The tips of the right thumb and forefinger are touching the bar.
0	0	0	A piece of bread sticking out of a piece of cake.	The white plate the cake is on is all the way to the left and there is no thumb.
0	0	0	A little boy standing in front of a video camera.	Both the child's hands are holding the top of the shirt, the hands are horizontal with each other.
0	0	0	A person is cutting a piece of paper with scissors.	The person's right hand is over near their left.  The right pointer finger is pointing at the other hand. 
0	0	0	A person is cutting a piece of paper with scissors.	The right pointer finger is pointing off the bottom center of the picture.  The other hand is still holding the white paper. 
0	0	0	A person riding a car down the side of a road.	A yield sign to the right of the road is just about to pass off frame
0	0	0	A view of a car on the side of the road.	The first sign on the right is just no longer visible.  Another sign is seen in the distance on the right. 
0	0	0	A couple of men playing guitar in a room.	The guy in white has his mouth open, and another image is slightly faded on top.
0	0	0	A man standing next to a guitar in a room.	An overlay of the man singing is just beginning to appear on top of the image. In the overlaid image that man's mouth can not be clearly seen.
0	0	0	A man holding a guitar in front of a picture frame.	There is a strong overlaying picture of the person in white shirt's face over the picture with the two guys. 
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a stage with a microphone in her hand.	2 faded images. Two men facing away are darkest but a girl's face is still very visible above them.
0	0	0	A bunch of clocks hanging from the ceiling of a building.	A line of blue banners in a gymnasium, there is an American flag over the door.
0	0	0	Two people standing next to each other in a room.	Three people standing in front of a sign, it's very blurry.
0	0	0	A picture of a window with a poster on it.	Close up of a newspaper clipping with 2 men's headshots in the upper right corner.
0	0	0	A little boy and a little girl standing next to a statue.	The boy is between the two girls.  Under his chin is the smaller girl's ear..
0	0	0	Two men standing next to each other on a basketball court.	He is holding the towel in his right hand. It is up level with the writing on his shirt but only one letter is covered.
0	0	0	Two men standing next to each other on a court.	Only his right hand is holding the towel, his left is almost touching it. The towel is covering half the writing on his shirt.
0	0	0	A couple of people standing next to each other on a court.	The man in the right is covering the lettering on his shirt with a towel. Both hands are visibly grasping the towel.
0	0	0	A man standing next to a motorcycle in the dark.	A man is walking around the object in the middle with his left side partially obscured by the object
0	0	0	A man standing next to a motorcycle in a garage.	The man in the middle's right ear has just come into view.
0	0	0	A man standing next to a motorcycle in a garage.	The man in the middle's sleeve is just touching the window to his right.
0	0	0	A person laying on a beach chair under an umbrella.	A picture of a beach with a large blue umbrella with green, red, and yellow stripes in the foreground. 
0	0	0	A person standing on a beach on a sunny day.	A picture of a mostly empty beach with two people in the mid-ground on the right side of the image. 
0	0	0	A crowded beach with lots of people on the beach.	A red umbrella is at the bottom center.
0	0	0	A table with a bunch of video games on it.	there are 5 white clouds on tracks 
0	0	0	A group of video games on a board.	the pick character icons are visible but only one has been picked
0	0	0	A group of video game boards on a boardwalk.	There are character icons over the minecarts. The green Luigi icon has stars around it.
0	0	0	A woman standing in a room holding a bag.	The woman's are is completely in the bag and her eyes are open.
0	0	0	A woman holding a bag in her hands.	A girl is starting to remove her hand from the bag and she is looking towards her arm. 
0	0	0	A herd of animals standing in a grassy field.	Three white animals on a savannah.   Three large trees are seen in the foreground above the animals on the ground. 
0	0	0	A couple of elephants walking in a grassy field.	There is an elephant in the center of the photo a bit in the distance. You can really only see the top half of its body. 
0	0	0	A herd of zebras in a grassy field.	A distance view of the savannah with a long horizon.  There is a lot of zebras dispersed in multiple groups.
0	0	0	A doll that is sitting on top of a bed.	Doll with green eyes wearing a black and white striped shirt.
0	0	0	A doll standing in front of a doll head.	A doll with a white dress on.  She has light behind her and to the left side of the image. 
0	0	0	A picture of a couple of people in a room.	Most of the head of the person can be seen in the upper right corner.  The image is still very blurry. 
0	0	0	A person standing next to a dog in a car.	The lettering is on the back of a woman's head. There is little to no overlay/blurring.
0	0	0	a close up of a camera on a tripod.	A black canon camera
0	0	0	A close up of a camera on a table.	A black camera is poised at an angle to the left on top of a bright white surface 
0	0	0	a close up of a camera on a table.	A camera sits in a white void; an accessory sits next to it.
0	0	0	A person holding a cell phone in their hands.	The tiny microwave is still being held by the hands.  All 10 fingers can clearly be seen. 
0	0	0	A person is holding a toy cell phone.	The tiny microwave is just being placed on the red surface. All fingers are still touching the microwave. 
0	0	0	a close up of a person using a cell phone.	Two hands are visible. The hand on the left is very blurry and in the upper left corner.
0	0	0	A young boy wearing a colorful shirt and tie.	The child is looking at the camera, and some of his thumb and pointer finger are visible behind the product. 
0	0	0	A young boy holding a video game controller in his hand.	The girl is showing what she has in her hand to the camera.  Her face is also just starting to turn to the left hand side of the picture
0	0	0	A child holding a video game controller in his hand.	The girl is just starting to drop what she had in her hand and you can see that her fingers are not gripping the object. 
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a crowd of people.	Person is all in black.
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a bird in a crowd.	She has on a red coat and hat, and is holding a stuffed animal.
0	0	0	A young girl holding a teddy bear in a room.	A girl holds a teddy bear wearing a white and blue striped shirt
0	0	0	A patio with tables and chairs in front of a restaurant.	The full word Lunch is visible, with the frame of the lunch sign flush with the right edge of the picture. On the left side, you can clearly see the "SED" of a closed sign.
0	0	0	A patio with tables and chairs in front of a patio.	The red sign's last letter is just barely cut off in the picture. 
0	0	0	A laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.	Two monitors on a wooden desk with a black backpack in front of the bigger one
0	0	0	A laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.	Laptop on a stand on the left. Right monitor is vertical on a stand next to the black laptop 
0	0	0	An office cubicle with two computers and a laptop.	There is two computer monitors, one black and one white with a variety of beverages in front and phone
0	0	0	A bowl of food sitting on top of a metal plate.	The sifter has been placed in the bowl and the person's hand is not visible. No other ingredients can be seen.
0	0	0	A bowl filled with food on top of a plate.	Brown powder is starting to fall out of the bowl, but has not hit the white substance.
0	0	0	A person cooking a bowl of food in a kitchen.	A small amount of brown powder is being poured into bowl that has hit bottom. 
0	0	0	A plate of food that is sitting on a table.	A black pan with 5 rows of sushi in it
0	0	0	A plate of food that is sitting on top of a table.	7 servings of sushi with white rice visible.
0	0	0	A plate of food is sitting on a table.	Green edamame in front of some white sushi rolls, orange and a black roll
0	0	0	A couple of people walking in the snow on a sunny day.	You can't see any part of the person on the right's face.  You can barely see the left arm of the the same person and can't see the right arm at all. 
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a plate of food.	The lady is smiling looking at the camera while her right hand is on the handle of the white cup.
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a plate of food.	A woman is standing behind a counter this a very neat array of ingredients, looking down 
0	0	0	A woman in a chef's hat preparing food.	The woman is pouring the liquid into the pan, and is looking downward at the pan/pouring.
0	0	0	A picture of a dog sitting on top of a teddy bear.	The left ear on the boy is barely covering up some of the blue dog's hat.  The boy is completely blocking the red dog's paw on the dog's hat. 
0	0	0	A picture of a dog sitting on top of a computer screen.	You can see the entire blue dog's face and you can also see the pink dog's face. The boy is still completely blocking the red dog and you can't see any of the boy's hands. 
0	0	0	A picture of a dog with a dog on top of it.	Most of the kid's left hand is visible, but the thumb and forefinger are blocked by his ear. The dog with the yellow hat is visible.
0	0	0	A woman holding a cell phone in her hand.	There is a picture of a man.  He is glancing straight down and not looking off to either side. 
0	0	0	a close up of a person with a cell phone.	A picture of a man.  He is starting to get up from his hunched over position. He is looking down and to the left side of the picture. 
0	0	0	A close up of a person wearing a shirt and pants.	You can't see any of the man's face, and there is no girl.
0	0	0	A little girl standing on top of a grassy field.	Closer shot of a girl in purple unicorn T shirt. She has blond hair. 
0	0	0	A little girl sitting on a sanded beach.	Little girl in pink sitting in sand smiling directly at the camera. You cannot see any water in the picture. Looks like she has blonde or light brown hair. You can't see anyone else in the picture.
0	0	0	A little girl sitting on a beach on a sunny day.	An infant in a light purple dress and no shoes sitting on the beach looking straight into the camera. Man walking in the background.
0	0	0	A blurry image of a person riding a bike.	No people are seen in the shot.  There is a bit of a blue chair on the far left and a black chair in the center. 
0	0	0	A blurry image of a person riding a skateboard.	A very blurry scene. There's a person's blue sleeve and part of the arm on the right, what appears to be a black chair with an idem in it, and possibly a white baseball cap in the left corner.
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a white couch.	he is facing away from the camera and his arms are up
0	0	0	A young man standing in front of a white bed.	his back is to us and his arms are out straight with his fingertips pointed up
0	0	0	A man standing in a room with a hat on.	A young man is standing as straight as possible with his hands in front of him most of his head and ear are not visable.
0	0	0	A view of a railing that is attached to the roof of a building.	There's a light consisting of two circular shapes, and the bottom shape is cut off by the bottom edge of the picture.
0	0	0	A close up of a railing that has a light on it.	The white shape is straight with purple at the top, it's arms are bent out to the side.
0	0	0	A group of people that are standing in the water.	The Bryan De Silva is least visible before it transitions to a different text.
0	0	0	A room full of people with chairs in front of them.	Woman in the pink outfit can seen entirely in the curve of the arm of the man with the blond hair.
0	0	0	A person is jumping on a skateboard in a box.	the girl in the back is walking towards left, the girl in the front has just passed her also walking to the left
0	0	0	A group of people standing in front of a television.	It's difficult to see the two players sitting on the bench due to the fading away.
0	0	0	A group of men standing on a football field.	There is a man just to the left of the person that has the long yellow jacket on whose hands are not blocking any of his own face.  
0	0	0	A close up of a toy car on a snow covered floor.	A hand appears from the right with a silver ornament in it.
0	0	0	A toy car sitting next to a Christmas tree.	A hand places a silver ornament in the train and the hand is still visible. 
0	0	0	A toy car sitting on top of a table.	No hands are visible and the hanger on the silver ball on the train is pointing almost straight down.
0	0	0	A man holding a crayon with a crayon on it.	The man's face is just cut off above his left eyebrow.
0	0	0	a close up of a man with a crayon on his head.	The man has completed his turn towards the object in his hand.  You can see most of his ear but part of it is still off the top of the image. 
0	0	0	A woman holding a bouquet of flowers in front of a crowd of people.	You can see the entire front of the car that is just passing behind the woman's sign on the road.  You can't see the whole car. 
0	0	0	A woman holding a bouquet of flowers on a sidewalk.	You can now see the entire car on the road behind the sign.  The woman looks like she is smiling at the camera.  The inside of the last letter on top of the sign is lit in sun.  
0	0	0	A person standing in front of a tree.	There is a tiny bit of overlay which makes the boy's hair appear lighter than it is .
0	0	0	A man is posing for a picture in a park.	The overlay has just ended and the shot is of a boy on something in the woods. His face is still all in shadow. 
0	0	0	A view of a city street with cars parked on the side of the road.	A picture of a street with many cars parked on the far side of the street. There are a couple of cars in the distance driving on the road. 
0	0	0	A white van driving down a street next to a bus.	A biker is in front of two white car and a white truck on the road.
0	0	0	A couple of cars driving down a street.	There's a two-lane road separated by a grassy stretch. Two cars are in the distance on the right side. On the left side there are two dumpsters on the shoulder. There are also five visible traffic lights.
0	0	0	A street scene with a couple of cars on the street.	The very end of a yellow truck with a red banner is still visible on the right.
0	0	0	A man sitting in a row of books in a room.	A man with a red shirt on looking to the left.  He is sitting totally upright with his mouth slightly open and his eyes wide open. 
0	0	0	a close up of a man sitting on a couch.	A close up of the man in red sitting up straight and back on the chair with his eyes closed.
0	0	0	A man sitting on a chair in front of a table.	Two men facing each other.
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a fire hydrant.	Her right eye is barely visible, the edge cuts right through it.
0	0	0	A woman standing in a park with a cart.	A woman is looking towards the camera with her mouth tightly shut. The top of her head above her eyebrows is cut off at the top left side of the image.
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a park.	The woman is looking at the camera with mouth open. Her top teeth are not visible. 
0	0	0	A woman is standing in front of a television.	The woman looks directly forward with narrowed eyes and a slightly open mouth
0	0	0	A woman is standing in front of a desk.	Woman has head tilted to her left, mouth open and both rows of teeth seen.
0	0	0	A woman holding a cell phone in her hand.	Only the woman's mouth is seen at the top left, not her nose.
0	0	0	A woman holding a cell phone in her hand.	You can barely see the bottom of a woman's nose in the top left quadrant of the image.
0	0	0	A woman holding a cell phone in her hand.	The woman is smiling and her entire face is visible except for her eyes and up.
0	0	0	A car that is parked in a parking lot.	The black car is approaching a line of shadow on the ground.  The front of the car is still a couple of feet back from the shadow. 
0	0	0	A black car is parked in a parking lot.	The car is right behind the line. It has not pass the line with the front tip of the car. There is not much space between the car and the line across the pavement. 
0	0	0	a close up of a person holding a hot dog.	The spoon is in the picture completely upside down. 
0	0	0	A person cutting a cake with scissors.	A bowl of white powder is being dumped into a blue bowl of greenish liquid.
0	0	0	a close up of a man sitting in a chair.	A closeup of a man with glasses.  You can see his face full on and he is looking towards the camera. 
0	0	0	A man is standing in front of a computer screen.	A farther away shot of a man with glasses.  He is looking down and to the left. 
0	0	0	A man is standing in front of a computer screen.	The man is facing the camera with his eyes closed and hands together.
0	0	0	A person holding a bowl of food in front of a frying pan.	Only one hand is visible inside the bowl
0	0	0	A person holding a bowl of food on top of a plate.	One hand is touching the cheese and the other has two fingers above the cheese.
0	0	0	Two white vases sitting on a shelf next to each other.	A necklace is seen on the left on a black background and a small brown bag is on the right. 
0	0	0	A piece of jewelry is sitting on top of a box.	There is a blown purse with golden handles sitting on a wooden case, wrapped up in a pink and yellow large bow.
0	0	0	A rack of luggage sitting on top of a table.	checkered purses sitting on a red shelf
0	0	0	A man taking a picture of himself in a bedroom.	A man with his head towards the left side of the image.  He has a phone in his left hand and has a striped blue shirt on. 
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a kitchen table.	A man with his head towards the left side of the image.  He has a white shirt on and blue jeans. 
0	0	0	A man with a hat and a cell phone in his hand.	The photo is oriented to the side with the man's head pointing right. He has a cap and a goatee.
0	0	0	Two men standing next to each other in a kitchen.	The man on the left has both hands on the table and is looking at the camera while the one on the right is looking down at the object held in both of his hands. 
0	0	0	Two men standing next to each other in a kitchen.	The two men's hands are close to each other and the man on the left is looking up and to the right
0	0	0	A tray filled with various kinds of food.	The spoon, though blurry is most centered in bowl while stirring.
0	0	0	a close up of some kind of food in a container.	the mixing spoon is left center in the bowl
0	0	0	A street sign that has a rainbow on it.	The red camera is not seen at all in the image but some text is seen. 
0	0	0	A picture of a colorful blanket sitting on top of a wall.	The red camera has appeared in the shot and is blocking a lot of the white text. No splashes of color are seen around the text. 
0	0	0	A picture of a colorful sign hanging on the side of a road.	The image of the camera is blocking the middle of the middle word. The words are flat with only a small amount of shading.
0	0	0	A person standing in front of a microphone.	A second person on the right side of the image has just appeared.  You can see the right side of his face and it cuts off right down the middle of his face. 
0	0	0	A close up of a person standing in a grassy area.	A second person is seen on the right side of the image.  You can see one eye and his entire mouth which is open.  The singer on the left is looking down and is pretty blurry. 
0	0	0	A man that is standing in front of a microphone.	The singer has the mic away from his mouth a bit. His mouth is open with teeth clench. The image is quite clear.
0	0	0	A woman holding an umbrella in front of a crowd of people.	The man's left eye and nose are visible.
0	0	0	A woman holding a frisbee in front of a crowd.	The far left side of the woman's head in the foreground on the left has just disappeared off the left side of the image. 
0	0	0	A group of people in a stadium with a Frisbee.	The woman's ponytail who is wearing a white shirt is just starting to block a woman with a red jersey's body in the background. 
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a crowd of people.	In the bottom right corner, a person in red is hugging a person in gray.  The person in blue is not visible.
0	0	0	A plate full of food on top of a table.	the leading edge of the pizza cutter is off frame
0	0	0	A plate of food on top of a plate.	The custard is cut into quarters. There seems to be another image overlaid on the top, like a transition scene, but it's hard to tell what it is. It looks like the edge of a dish is shown in the upper left quarter. No cutting instrument is visible.
0	0	0	A man and a woman standing next to each other.	Both the bride and groom are smiling and looking to their left
0	0	0	A bride and groom getting married at a wedding.	The bride and groom are looking at the man in the black suit, the bride is smiling while her arms are extended in front of her.
0	0	0	A man and a woman standing next to a bouquet of flowers.	the bride and groom are not touching and you can only see the black sleeve and a paper in the hand of the guy behind him
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a fence with a banana on his head.	her arm is up and the visible half of her face shows an open mouth and part of her eye
0	0	0	A person is pouring chocolate into a bowl.	Thumb is centered about in the middle of the bowl. Other hand is barely visible on top.
0	0	0	A man in a grassy field throwing a Frisbee.	The only part of the red shirt that is visible is the edge of the sleeve.
0	0	0	A man holding a baseball bat in a grassy field.	The person in red is pulling the person on the ground up.  You can see the entire pitcher's mound in the back with the edge of it right near the top of the image. 
0	0	0	A man holding a baseball bat in a grassy field.	You can see the entire circle of dirt in the background but there is a bit of a gap between the top of it and the top of the image.  You can't see any of the person's face who is wearing red. 
0	0	0	A group of people on a grassy field.	The blonde man in front of the line is wearing a blue shirt under a white jersey.
0	0	0	A group of chefs standing in a kitchen.	2 chefs flank a woman in a floral pattern sleeveless dress on either side
0	0	0	A group of people standing next to each other.	A group of 9 people standing in a bowling alley. 
0	0	0	A group of people standing around a table.	 A staff wears mostly red aprons except two of the ladies in front in black ones.
0	0	0	A person standing next to a wheeled bicycle.	The black hat is on the man on the bicycle's back
0	0	0	A man that is standing next to a wheelbarrow.	The hat is falling down right at the waist of the man on the bicycle.
0	0	0	A man standing next to a bicycle in a room.	Both of the white shoes are visible behind the back tire of the bike, and the man's nose is still in the frame.
0	0	0	A person is cutting a cake with a mixer.	The right hand's palm is up and is just above the soap dispenser. The left hand is very blurry with fingertips behind the logo on the bottom left.
0	0	0	A woman riding a motorized scooter next to a building.	The biker head and body is blocking the first white column on the right side of the building in the picture.  
0	0	0	A woman riding a motorized scooter on the sidewalk.	the shadow of the woman in blue dress can be seen after the bike passed her, but her image is not vissible
0	0	0	A man standing next to a woman in a wedding dress.	The bride is laying her hands on the grooms face. Her fingers are placed below his ear.
0	0	0	A man and a woman standing next to each other.	The bride has her hand up high on the groom's neck up by his ear. The groom's left hand is a bit obscured so you can only really see his thumb. 
0	0	0	A laptop that is sitting on top of a table.	The angled computer monitor is in front of a view of many white-framed windows.
0	0	0	A computer monitor that is sitting on top of a table.	A tablet is seen mounted onto a blue background and inside of a clear plastic case.
0	0	0	A computer mouse sitting on top of a table.	A flipped over mouse showing a red light.
0	0	0	A birthday cake with a Mickey Mouse face on it.	The paper corner is at its highest position, covering the eye
0	0	0	A person wearing a hat with a penguin on it.	The top corner of the blue package ends just below the figure's left eye
0	0	0	A person dressed up as a penguin with a hat on.	The eyes are horizontally aligned with the package but slightly blurry
0	0	0	A group of people sitting at a table next to each other.	There is no woman in blue visible. The man on the right is holding a camera up in line with his nose and mouth.
0	0	0	A group of people sitting at a table in front of a large crowd of people.	There is no bridesmaid or part of bridesmaid in the image.  The woman in left front with the white and black dress is looking towards the back.
0	0	0	A woman sitting in front of a green park bench.	Left hand cannot be seen, image is not blurry, mouth is open
0	0	0	A woman is talking on her cell phone.	The woman with the glasses on is holding her left hand up with her thumb and pointer finger looking like a gun. 
0	0	0	A person cutting a piece of cake on top of a plate.	Two hands are hovering above the meat with saran wrap covering the meat. 
0	0	0	A person cutting up a cake on a table.	The man's left hand is flat against the pie while the right pushes the metal cutter down.
0	0	0	A person holding a cat on a person's lap.	A hand and part of the cuff are visible reaching out towards the front of the cat
0	0	0	A man standing next to a cat in a kitchen.	The white and brown cat's tails are both up and at similar hight, brown tail is not touching the top
0	0	0	A group of people playing a game of ping pong.	Dog mascot has his left arm bent facing up and covering a little bit of eye
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a basketball court.	The wrestler face is turned to the left.  Right under his nose is a middle age man in a gray sweater in the audience.
0	0	0	A man in a blue shirt talking on a cell phone.	The boy with the headset is facing left with an alert expression and small smile. There's a man in a white sweatshirt to his left who appears to be stretching his arms behind him and looking down.
0	0	0	A man riding a bike inside of a closet.	The man is still a ways back from the motorcycle.  He is blocking the back half of it.  His left arm is near his side and the right is out front and bent
0	0	0	A man standing next to a motorcycle in a room.	There's a motorcycle on his left, and only the bumper, no wheels, of a truck is visible.
0	0	0	A man with a band playing on a stage.	Many people sitting playing musical instruments while one is standing and playing a saxophone. There is a yellow circle with a blue star on it on the right. 
0	0	0	A group of people holding instruments in front of a tent.	5 people playing musical instruments in dark blue outfits.  There are a couple of tree branches in the foreground that are fuzzy. 
0	0	0	A group of people standing around listening to music.	There's a saxophonist in khakis and a trombonist in a patterned shirt and jeans in the front, and a cellist, drummer and another person in the background.
0	0	0	A couple of boxes of food on a table.	The white sign in the basket  on the right is still visible with quite a bit of room on the top of the image and the top of the sign.  The basket on the left is still barely visible but the white sign in it is not visible. 
0	0	0	a couple of books and a bag of peanut butter.	There is still a little bit of room from the top of the white sign in the basket on the right and the top of image.  You can still just see the basket on the left.  
0	0	0	A bag of eggs in a bag on a shelf.	The white card with text in the basket is pressed up against the top edge of the picture. 
0	0	0	a close up of some food being cooked in a pan.	A blurred spoon handle is visible extending from the top leftmost corner at an angle, the center of the pan is blurred though.
0	0	0	a close up of some food being cooked in the oven.	There is a bowl of food resting in a stove or some pan. There is a blur of a spatula on the ver left side of the food and full white text is over the food and spatula. 
0	0	0	A plate full of shrimp, broccoli, and onions.	There is no white text at the bottom of the image.  There is a tiny bit of black seen in the far upper left corner of the image where there is no plate. 
0	0	0	a close up of a bowl of food on a table.	There are two lines of white text that is still pretty faint at the bottom of the image.  There are small slivers of black seen in the upper left and lower left of the image. 
0	0	0	A photo of a person sitting on top of a table.	There are 3 purple bodies on the floor.  You can see most of the person on the right who has their left knee bent and up off the floor. 
0	0	0	A blurry image of a person standing on top of a stage.	The first person view is straight down a pathway.  The white lines on the ground makes three sides of a square.
0	0	0	A dog sitting on the floor next to a hot dog.	There are four purple people, one is cut off on the left side and one is cut off on the bottom. In the top right corner there is a white line, just to the left of that a white line goes around a column, it cuts through a purple person laying next to the column.
0	0	0	A dog standing on top of a body of water.	T
0	0	0	A group of people standing next to a lake.	The small dog's tail is centered toward the camera, with very little vest visible and very little of his head visible. The man in the background on the right has less shorts showing.
0	0	0	A group of women standing on the ground with luggage.	The woman with the grey shirt and white shorts has turned around to face the other people. 
0	0	0	A group of women standing on the ground with their backs to the camera.	The girl in camo is bent over. The orange thing she's trying to eat is right in front of her eye.
0	0	0	A person standing next to a television in a room.	There is picture overlay.  The main picture is of a person with a blue outfit on and the faded picture is three people standing.  
0	0	0	A picture of a woman holding a television in her hands.	There is no picture overlay.  The picture is of a person in blue outfit.  You can also see only one eye of the person over the person in blue's left shoulder.  
0	0	0	A picture of a woman holding a television on top of her head.	The man in the woman's costume is talking with his mouth open.
0	0	0	A group of people running down a hill.	The woman in black pants has her left knee bent, her right leg is straight. There is a middle size gap between her legs, but both legs are in the frame.
0	0	0	A pan filled with food being cooked in the oven.	The hand is not visible, but the hand's shadow is just to the right of the bowl.
0	0	0	A pan filled with food being cooked in the oven.	There is no hand visible. The corner to the top right of the bowl is lit up a bit.
0	0	0	A person cooking a pan of food in the oven.	There are two fingers at the top of the image placing a red item on top of the peeled potatoes inside the stainless steel bowl.
0	0	0	Two men running down a field in a race.	The tall man in yellow and blue is in the middle.  The text on his shorts are just above the bottom, not cut off.
0	0	0	A group of runners running down a field.	A guy wearing green is almost off the screen. A guy with a white hat is right behind him.
0	0	0	A man standing in a grassy area with a cell phone in his hand.	The woman's hand is right at the edge of the image, but still fully visible.
0	0	0	A man standing next to a fence with a dog.	The woman on the far left has only a couple of fingers showing up to her ear with no phone showing.
0	0	0	A man standing next to a fence with a cell phone in his hand.	the boy is center of the picture and there is about 80% of the womens face showing and no hands
0	0	0	A person standing on top of a tennis court.	The black wrestler's left knee is just about to leave the mat.  The ref's right leg is almost completely blocking the entire bottom of the grey wrestler's body. 
0	0	0	A bowl of cereal on top of a wooden table.	The person is pointing to and touching the bowl of flour with their index finger.
0	0	0	A bowl of granola sits on a table.	About three quarters of the bowl of chocolate chips are shown and you can see a hand about to reach towards that bowl.
0	0	0	A child is standing in a room with a bunch of treats.	Her mouth and nose are showing.
0	0	0	A couple of people standing next to each other in a room.	A bit of the woman's chest is still seen on the far left of the image.  You can't really see her face anymore. 
0	0	0	A bathroom with a toilet and a toilet bowl.	Only an arm of the woman can be seen on the lower left corner of the image.  Half of the white toilet on the far right can be seen. 
0	0	0	A group of people standing next to each other.	There is a person on the left side of the image in a greyish suit.  The left arm of that person is just starting to get cut off on the left side of the image. 
0	0	0	A group of people standing next to each other.	The tallest man at the top of the group only has his chin shown.
0	0	0	A group of people standing next to each other.	There is a person with a plaid suit jacket on on the left side of the image.  That person has their arms up over their head.  You can still see both hands clearly but the left hand is just touching the left side of the image. . 
0	0	0	A man wearing a hat and hat on a sidewalk.	Freddy's hand is visible bursting through the chest of a person with two outstretched fingers.
0	0	0	A person holding a bowl of food in front of a mirror.	The spatula is large and on the left center. There is a lot of white in the pan. The bottom text is at the center of the spatula and to the right.
0	0	0	A large bowl of food sitting on top of a kitchen counter.	You can't see the handle of the wooden spoon at all and the spoon is covering the entire upper left hand part of the picture. 
0	0	0	A group of men standing on a grassy field.	A high overhead shot of 7 people playing cricket. There is one of the people wearing a white cowboy hat. 
0	0	0	A couple of men on a field playing a game of baseball.	Three people playing cricket.  One person is batting.  There is a sign with green and blue text on the left middle of the image. 
0	0	0	A couple of men playing a game of rugby on a green field.	There are three players and the one in the middle has his leg bent in an awkward position with his foot pointing left and his arms to our right.
0	0	0	A bowl full of food in a bowl on a table.	Right spoon is above bowl slightly but has a green leaf stuck to the center of the spoon and that piece touches the top of the picture.
0	0	0	A person holding a bowl of salad on a table.	Both spoons are deep in the lettuce and right hand is only visible with thumb straight.
0	0	0	A group of women sitting on a bench talking on a cell phone.	The first woman has her finger extended and it looks like it is touching the chin of the woman next to her.
0	0	0	A woman holding a plate of food in front of her.	The gift is right below the chin of the girl in the middle. It is not covering her chin. Her neck is not fully exposed. 
0	0	0	A woman holding a plate of food in front of her.	The woman still hasn't begun to open the present yet.  She has started to move her left hand slightly up the side of the present. 
0	0	0	A man sitting on a bus looking out a window.	Man driving a car, the windshield wipers are not visible.
0	0	0	A man standing in the driver's seat of a motorized vehicle.	A person driving a car.  Only one windshield wiper is seen. 
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a vehicle with his head in the driver's seat.	A person driving a car.  Both windshield wipers are seen. 
0	0	0	a close up of a woman in a suit and tie.	The woman is looking up and to the right with neither of her hands visible and slightly open lips
0	0	0	A woman with long hair and a face that looks like it's from a movie.	Her lips are pursed and her gloved right hand obscures her right, lower face in blurry darkness.
0	0	0	a close up of a woman with a cell phone in her hand.	A hand is over her right eye and has her mouth like she is about to whistle
0	0	0	A person holding a pair of scissors in their hands.	The lettering on the handle is in focus and the brush is resting just above the top left of the nail
0	0	0	A close up of a person holding a pair of scissors.	Applicator is poised midway above the all-white nail, so it's brush points to the center of that nail.
0	0	0	A person standing next to a bunch of bags.	The picture is not very blurry. There is a red curved shape at the bottom left corner. The front tire of the bicycle is not visible.
0	0	0	A man with a hat on his head standing in a room.	Only the man's chin is at the top. The image is very blurry and showing doubles.
0	0	0	A group of people walking down a street.	The person's chin is not visible but the button up or collared area is just cut off from view. The person's hand is visible but some fingers extend past the bottom of the image.
0	0	0	A little girl standing in front of a kitchen.	The girl's head is a little more than halfway in the frame. Her left hand is also only halfway in frame.
0	0	0	A young girl standing in front of a room filled with boxes.	The girl's left hand is in a claw shape with fingers pretty blurry. Just a tiny amount of hair is cut off at the left side of the image. 
0	0	0	A photo of a person standing in front of a light source.	The pink character is right in the middle of the picture. There is purple smoke on the left side from the bottom corner to half way up.
0	0	0	A blurry image of a person standing on a sidewalk.	There is white text at the bottom.  The character is looking to the left with a small part of the blue glowing on the left.
0	0	0	A couple of ducks floating in the water.	A swan is sitting in a nest.  It is looking to the left with its beak tucked under its wing.  Only half of the beak is visible. 
0	0	0	A duck is sitting on top of a pond.	The bird faces forward, is leftward as we view it and large shadowed leaves are visible in the foreground, the bird's reflection is visible in the water.
0	0	0	A white swan sitting on top of a body of water.	White swan swim left side in the river and some dry woods are in the front of the river.
0	0	0	A woman standing in a living room holding a Wii controller.	Black and white picture. All but one of the numbers in the time stamp are the same number.
0	0	0	A woman standing in a living room with a dog.	The picture is still black and white.  Her right arm is held very straight with no bend in it at all. 
0	0	0	A child standing next to a bed in a room.	You can barely see the boy's stocking cap on the far left hand side of the image.  You can no longer see his arm. 
0	0	0	A baby sitting on top of a couch next to a bed.	The boy with the stocking cap is gone from the image.  You can still see both of the legs of the woman who has plaid pants on.  You can also still see most of her face but it is very blurry. 
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a skateboard in a kitchen.	Less blurry picture with her face, including her mouth, showing.
0	0	0	A woman standing on top of a living room floor.	The girl is starting to turn to her right.  You can only really see her nose and one of her eyes.  No mouth is seen. 
0	0	0	A woman standing in a kitchen playing with a Frisbee.	The girl is turned to the left with her hair covering all of her face.  The logo on her green hoodie is still visible.
0	0	0	A young child sitting on a couch with a dog on his lap.	can't see any of the girl's face, and her foot is down behind the boy
0	0	0	A dog sitting on a couch next to a laptop.	The girl's eyes are obscured but at least one toe on her right foot can be seen
0	0	0	A person flying a kite in the water.	The black curved line that is present in all pictures on the left hand side of the picture is cutting right down the middle of the red, yellow, and white object.  The faint rectangle in the lower center is still all the way pointing into the water. 
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a table with a blanket on it.	You only see the woman at the table.  The water bottle on the counter behind her is not present. 
0	0	0	A white white bird sitting on top of a fence.	A 99% white owl is facing towards the right of the image with its eyes closed
0	0	0	A white owl sitting on top of a tree branch.	White owl, black specks on body, background is cage with green and orange dark foliage.
0	0	0	A white owl sitting on top of a tree.	A snowy owl looking off to the left.  It is on a piece of wood with an all black background. 
0	0	0	A person riding a motorcycle on a city street.	You can just see half of the headlight of the motorcycle on the far left while seeing all of the large buildings in the back. 
0	0	0	A couple of motorcycles driving down the street.	There are three motorcycles, the one on the left is almost out of the picture. There is a  police car completely between the left and middle motorcycle. The building in the background is barely touching the left edge of the picture.
0	0	0	A young man with a cell phone in his hand.	A man is looking down with none of his hands visible and only a sliver of his left arm flesh exposed
0	0	0	A man sitting on a bench with a cell phone in his hand.	The man hasn't taken a sip and you can just see the very top of the water bottle.
0	0	0	A man in a blue t-shirt holding a tube of ice.	his mouth is close to the water bottle but not touching it
0	0	0	A person holding a cardboard box on top of a floor.	The person is placing a tile, with its top left corner covered by the surface he's placing it in
0	0	0	A group of people playing a game of Frisbee.	You can see three whole people in the shot and a bit more that half of another person on the far left. 
0	0	0	A group of people playing basketball on a basketball court.	You can just start to see the bleachers on the left side of the image. There is a blue basketball player with his hand close to the ball and a ref in back of him. 
0	0	0	A group of people playing basketball on a basketball court.	The boy in blue is facing two white players to the left. The ball is closer to the floor than to his hand.
0	0	0	A close up of a dog that is in a swimming pool.	The red end of the text icon touches the inside edge of the spoon.
0	0	0	A close up of a person sitting on a motorbike.	The spoon is on the left hand side of the picture and is maybe 1/4 submerged. 
0	0	0	A kitchen with a counter, a stove, a microwave, a cupboard, a cupboard, a cupboard, a cupboard, a cupboard, a cupboard, a cupboard, a cupboard, a cupboard, a cupboard, a cupboard, a cupboard, a cupboard, a cupboard	There is a tub of yellow and white cleaning wipes visible.
0	0	0	A kitchen with a stove, oven, and cabinets.	A kitchen with a microwave on the left, a stove in the middle, and a frig on the right.  A potholder is hanging on the refrigerator. 
0	0	0	A kitchen with pots and pans on top of a stove.	A picture of a stove with a pot on top.  The light is on over the stove. 
0	0	0	A woman sitting on a bench with a cell phone in her hand.	There are 1.5 wooden planks showing to the woman's left and you can see the logo in full on her jacket.
0	0	0	A woman sitting on a bench with a cell phone in her hand.	Her eyes are closed and she has her mouth slightly open and you can see both top and bottom teeth. 
0	0	0	A woman sitting on top of a bench with a cell phone.	the girl looks to her left, with her face slightly turning left from facing the camera
0	0	0	A man standing next to a woman holding a Wii controller.	A woman with a red cardigan is seen looking at the man with a blue jacket's cellphone as he extends his arms with it.
0	0	0	A group of people standing around a table.	A man in flannel stands near two men sitting down.
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a man in a dress.	A girl with long blond hair and hoop earing wearing a black hat stands while a red headed girl stares at her.
0	0	0	A group of animals eating from a feeder.	You see two blurry green grass peices connected on the top left, The top edge you can see two green grass pieces. The left one is pointing to the bottom right corner, the littlest one is pointing down.
0	0	0	Two men standing next to a table with hotdogs.	two men are standing over a table of food and the chef is about to drink from a yellow container
0	0	0	Two men standing next to each other in a room.	Bill Murray on left, head back drinking something yellow. Letterman on right watching him
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a crowd of people.	You can no longer see any of the man's face on the right.  The person on the far left's body has completely come into view. 
0	0	0	A person standing in front of a door.	You can clearly see another hand of the person on the right in the very foreground of the picture. The fingers of the hand on the far right are not really blocking the person in blue in the background.  
0	0	0	A man holding a skateboard in front of a mirror.	Two fingers are covering the man in blue in the back.
0	0	0	A woman is holding a flip-flop on her head.	You can just see the girl's closed left eye and she is putting on the blindfold. 
0	0	0	A girl wearing a blue skull helmet is wearing a helmet.	The girl's left eyebrow is still visible but the eye has been covered up by the blindfold. 
0	0	0	A young man standing in a room holding a video game controller.	The text at the bottom of the image is found between the pink dress of the person. Neither end of the text is covering anything but the pink dress.
0	0	0	A couple of people standing next to each other in a room.	The largest amount of the couch behind the girl can be seen. None of the green, pink, and white object can be seen at all. 
0	0	0	A man standing next to a fence with a bike.	No blood is seen on the floor.  The person with the gun is still inside the room and the window takes up the right 2/3rds of the upper part of the image.  You can still see the right wall on the right side of the window. 
0	0	0	A couple of people standing next to a fence.	No gun or checkerboard is visible. 
0	0	0	A man in a river swimming in the water.	The man's arm are spread horizontal and his leg are straight.  The image is clear, not blurry.
0	0	0	A group of people walking down a street.	You can finally see the man's entire body who is coming in from the left side of the picture. 
0	0	0	A little girl playing with a fire hydrant.	You can only see the very edge of the red bat handle at the bottom.
0	0	0	A little girl playing with a dog on a rainy day.	The girl is swinging at the piñata. Only half of the bat can be seen.
0	0	0	A person cutting up a tomato on a cutting board.	The knife is just starting to touch the middle pepper but no slice has been made yet.
0	0	0	A person holding a pair of scissors on a table.	A red vegetable is beng cut, and the sceen shows some direction.
0	0	0	A person holding a knife on top of a cutting board.	The knife is touching his top knuckles as he's almost done cutting the peppers.
0	0	0	A couple of children in costumes standing on a lawn.	A child with an orange and brown costume has a bat against the left side of a backpack on a larger person in a costume. The child's right hand is open and is reaching towards the left side of the butt of the larger person.
0	0	0	A man standing next to a woman holding an umbrella.	The man with the umbrella is looking up while the woman on the right's shoulder is aligned with the edge of the image.
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a man holding an umbrella.	Just the tip of the man's nose appears to be touching the stem of the umbrella
0	0	0	A woman holding a frisbee in front of a crowd of people.	the white object on the woman in jean shorts seems to be aligned with the pointing finger
0	0	0	A little girl sitting in front of a table.	The girl is sitting down and facing the left. Left arm is on the table and only the fingers of the right hand are on the table.
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a purple belt.	Just the top edge of the white lid of the coffee cup is visible in the bottom left.
0	0	0	A man standing next to a trash can.	The person in the foreground on the right has brought their bag up and is completely blocking most of the person who is wearing a white shirt in the background. 
0	0	0	A woman wearing a hat and a hat on a bus.	The person is just starting to look down, you can still see all of her face. 
0	0	0	A couple of people standing next to each other on a bus.	The woman in the white hat is facing left, you can see her profile. The black hat is covering part of her cheek. You can see the end of the nose and the mouth of the person in the black hat, their sunglasses are mostly covered by the hat brim.
0	0	0	A bunch of fire hoses sitting on top of a pile of leaves.	There is a brighter twig in the shot.  All of a sudden the flames all started to go higher off of the lighter twig into the image.  
0	0	0	A man holding a small cell phone in his hand.	The person's pointer finger is completely covering the thumb.
0	0	0	A close up of a person's bare feet.	About a quarter of the thumb is visible over the index finger while the pinky is not visible at all.
0	0	0	A man taking a picture of a man on a water sports boat.	The man is in contact with the dog and he has two fingers that are sticking out to the side. 
0	0	0	A man holding a hot dog in front of a man holding a bottle of wine.	There is a picture of a package of rolls in the center. The boy in the white shirt is holding up a sandwich.
0	0	0	A couple of men sitting at a table with food.	There is no red picture of bread in the image.  You can only see one eye of the man on the left and you can see nearly his entire nose. 
0	0	0	A couple of men sitting next to each other.	The man on the left is cut right down the middle of his face.  You can see one eye clearly and one nostril on his nose. 
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a wall with a cell phone.	The man faces audience with right hand made into fist, held above the right of his chest.
0	0	0	A man in a suit standing in front of a microphone.	A man has closed fist by his right cheek
0	0	0	A woman holding a cell phone in her hand.	Her face is turned toward the front. Her eyes are cut down toward the left corner, mostly closed. Her mouth is open. Her hand is visible right by her left arm.
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a book in a room.	Eyelids are lowered. She is facing the lower left corner, and her mouth is open in an "o" shape. In the lower left corner, she's holding something and you can see her blue fingernails.
0	0	0	A baby sitting in a chair next to a chair.	The baby's eyes are visible but a cloth covers its cheeks are the right nostril
0	0	0	A little girl playing with a balloon on the floor.	the tissue is covering most of his face including his eyes 
0	0	0	A little girl playing with a pony on the floor.	The woman's right hand can be seen clearly on the baby's head
0	0	0	A man and a woman standing next to each other.	The groom is ever so slightly to the left of center of the image and half of one eye of the bridge is visible
0	0	0	A man and a woman standing next to each other.	Bride and groom are kissing, the left hand from bride only has thumb and part of index finger showing
0	0	0	A close up of a woman looking into a camera lens.	Both eyes are visible on a woman but the part of the purple swirl touches them.
0	0	0	A woman sitting in front of a car with a carrot in her hand.	The woman face is fully visible with nothing covering the eyes
0	0	0	A woman is standing on top of a basketball hoop.	A girl wearing a pink shirt holds a yellow ring around her knees.
0	0	0	A couple of people jumping on a surfboard in a bedroom.	a blurry girl kneels down while one blurry girl is standing up with black shirt visible
0	0	0	A woman is standing on a surfboard in a room.	Yellow circle on ground, girl in pink is crouching to jump out of it. Girl in white behind her is visible
0	0	0	a close up of a woman with a finger on her mouth.	There is only one complete image of a woman licking her finger. The image is clear with no blur. 
0	0	0	a close up of a woman with a nail brush on her face.	There is some slight image overlay.  A woman is mostly seen licking her finger and another image is very faintly coming in. 
0	0	0	A woman with long hair brushes her face in a mirror.	The two images are overlapping showing a statue's head over the women's eye.
0	0	0	A couple of people walking down a stairway.	All you can see of the person is a pair of shoes at the very top center of the photo. 
0	0	0	A picture of a chair with a handle on it.	The person away from the camera has completely disappeared.  All you can see is a portion of the rack on the floor
0	0	0	A couple of people standing on a tile floor.	No feet are visible. The metal object is in the air with no black space other than the metal object. Two horizontal bars on the object are visible.
0	0	0	A person using a bowl to cook a piece of cake.	The spoon and hand are centered in middle of the bowl, most.
0	0	0	A group of men sitting next to each other.	The two men with glasses are looking in the direction of the man to their left
0	0	0	A group of men sitting next to each other.	You can't see the right part of the sunglasses of the woman sitting.
0	0	0	A group of men sitting next to each other.	There are two men laughing, wearing black baseball caps. The man in the middle has his hands in mid air about to clap.
0	0	0	A yellow bus driving down a residential street.	The very front of the bus has just passed the streetlight on the far side of the street. 
0	0	0	A yellow truck is driving down the street.	The very top part of the streetlight is still visible on the far side of the street as the bus drives past it. 
0	0	0	A yellow bus driving down a residential street.	The schoolbus side view mirror is blocking a bit of the left windows on the house. The front edge of the bus is behind the garage, not in line with the garage.
0	0	0	A person is standing next to a person who is wearing a hat.	Most of the yellow glove can be seen on the left side, while the glove on the right side can't be seen at all. 
0	0	0	A toddler standing next to a toddler holding a cup.	Just the yellow piece of paper in front of the blue sweatshirt.
0	0	0	Two children standing next to each other on the ground.	Only about three colored strings visible, and the two kids at bottom are crouched on the ground with faces unseen.
0	0	0	a close up of a food processor with food in it.	Red tong is blurred and directly in the center, pointing down.
0	0	0	a close up of a person holding a vegetable.	The lettuce is wrapped into a cone shape.
0	0	0	A person holding a slice of green onion on top of a bowl.	The left index finger and thumb are curved around a small piece of lettuce resting on right hand.
0	0	0	A person holding a frying pan on top of a stove.	You can see four sausages. The ring is very blurry due to the movement. The fork is still far away from the sausages. 
0	0	0	A person cooking a meal on a stovetop.	the fork is right inside the pan touchin the side of the pan
0	0	0	A man standing next to an airplane in a garage.	Camera man's ear is visible but still closest to left edge of image.
0	0	0	A couple of people in a kitchen preparing food.	There is a person who has just appeared on the far left side of the image. You can only see a bit of his face but nothing he is carrying. 
0	0	0	A group of cooks in a kitchen preparing food.	There is a man on the left side of the image who is carrying trays.  You can only see the front part of the three trays.
0	0	0	A couple of people in a kitchen preparing food.	The two large stack on the tray is seen, but the small bowl is not.
0	0	0	A bowl filled with granulated sugar in a pot.	The spoon is very visible and is in the center of the pan. 
0	0	0	A bowl of food is being cooked in a pot.	The spoon is covered with potatoes but you can still see some of the side of the spoon. It's all in the center of the pan. 
0	0	0	A close up of a woman with a baby on her lap.	A woman with wide eyes has her arms up at a 45 degree angle. Her right arm is blocking her chin and part, but not all, of her mouth.
0	0	0	A man standing next to a table full of clothes.	The person's nose in the foreground is just above the right side of the window of the camper in the far background. 
0	0	0	A man standing next to a table full of clothes.	The person's nose is right at the corner of the camper door in the background, but not yet touching it.
0	0	0	A person sitting in front of a computer screen.	the screen buttons are a light teal color.
0	0	0	a close up of a person holding a machine.	A person is standing in front of a touch screen. The screen is white with just a row of green tabs at the very top.
0	0	0	A view of a car with a view of a traffic light.	No hands are visible on the steering wheel.
0	0	0	A view of a street view of a motor vehicle.	The right hand has appeared on the steering wheel.  The hand is lined up with the text on the white wall in front of the car. 
0	0	0	A view of a street with a view of a traffic light.	The right hand is on top of the steering wheel.  The hand is roughly lined up with the truck in the far distance. 
0	0	0	A person holding a bowl of cereal in a cup.	The spoon is stuck in a little above the center of the mug with chocolate covering the bottom third of it
0	0	0	A couple of men talking on a beach.	The man in front has his hand on the grey suit guy's back. There is a clear piece of paper in his hand.
0	0	0	A couple of men talking on a porch.	There is a small black line sticking up low on the left side, not the corner, the side.
0	0	0	A close up of a musician playing a guitar.	The microphone is blocking a lot of the singer's mouth.  You can see his his right hand but not all of his fingers.  Only the thumb of his left on the guitar. 
0	0	0	A close up of a musician playing a guitar.	The singer's mouth is partially blocked by the microphone.  The mouth is clearly open.  You can see a few fingers on the left hand on the neck of the guitar. The right hand is not visible.
0	0	0	A close up of a man with a bandanna on his head.	A close up of the singer from the shoulder up. His mouth is open.
0	0	0	A man that is standing in a kitchen.	The man has his eyes and mouth totally closed.  He is looking down and slightly to the left. 
0	0	0	A man in a kitchen with a bag in his hand.	The man is looking down with mouth making a whistling pose.
0	0	0	A man that is standing in a kitchen.	His eyes are closed and his head is slightly tilted towards the left. His right ear is barely visible. His mouth is slightly parted, but not in an o-shape.
0	0	0	A cake with chocolate frosting on top of it.	There is no spoon.
0	0	0	A person pouring chocolate into a chocolate cake.	You can see the spoon on top of the cake in the icing is almost spread all over the cake
0	0	0	A group of people standing on a beach.	The girl in pink on the right has the back of her hair flung above her head.
0	0	0	A group of people standing on a beach.	The camera is angled so it seems its looking from below them up. The person in red has one arm bent besides their body and can see the sky between the elbow and body. The kid's bodies are facing to the left.
0	0	0	A person serving a bowl of food on a table.	The spoon is just right of center, and the convex side is facing to the right. 
0	0	0	A child standing in a bathtub with a baseball bat in his hand.	Dog costume's face cannot be seen, both arms splayed out
0	0	0	A pot filled with carrots and other vegetables.	There are chopped carrots, tomatoes and some green herbs in a bowl.  
0	0	0	A pan filled with food on a stove top.	There are some raw shrimp on top of a bunch of veggies yellow grains in a pan.  
0	0	0	A close up of a bowl of food on a table.	A close up view of the salsa only with a small black area on the top right corner. No visible utensil or bowl.
0	0	0	A person holding a pair of scissors in their hands.	The hand on the right side of the picture has the thumb at the upper corner of a red and white zig zag strip of the ribbon. 
0	0	0	A person holding a piece of candy in their hand.	The person's right hand is just below a section of the ribbon that is white and red striped. 
0	0	0	A person holding a piece of candy in their hands.	The person's right thumb is behind a section of the ribbon that is red and white striped.  
0	0	0	Two young boys walking down a street with a backpack.	Two boys with both feet slightly lifted to begins the walking process. There is a white column in the background align next the the boy's face with the red bookbag. 
0	0	0	Two young boys walking down a street with skateboards.	Both of the boy's right heels are on the ground while the left feet are all the way on the ground.  All feet can be fully seen. 
0	0	0	A group of people playing basketball on a basketball court.	There is lots of overlay with both pictures approximately equal in how well they are shown. 
0	0	0	A group of people sitting in the back of a car.	The girl in white in the back seat has her mouth open in a somewhat surprised expression
0	0	0	A woman sitting in the back of a car with a rabbit.	Only the right ear of the guy in back can be seen. Guy in front has mouth closed
0	0	0	A couple sitting in the back of a car.	The woman with the glasses on the right is looking directly at the camera. 
0	0	0	A woman in a costume sitting in front of a window.	A smiling woman in a black and gold dress with a black bead necklace
0	0	0	A woman in a dress standing in front of a fireplace.	Full body of woman can be seen as she is posing in a room with yellow wall behind her.
0	0	0	A woman dressed in a black and white outfit with a ring on her finger.	A lady with glasses smiling with no teeth showing and what appears to be blue suspenders.
0	0	0	A couple of people riding horses in a field.	a single jockey in the front, about to turn left behind the bend, another jockey to his left just starts to come out into the picture
0	0	0	A group of people standing next to a horse.	The rider in pink's horse is fully visible.
0	0	0	A group of people playing with a variety of objects.	You can see the entire ball that is on the ground on the far left side of the image. 
0	0	0	A group of people playing with a variety of kites.	The ball in the air is positioned so you can't see any words or graphics on the ball.
0	0	0	A classroom full of kids in a classroom.	You can see part of the teacher's arm on the left hand side of the picture and she is looking towards her class and not at the camera. 
0	0	0	A man riding a skate board in the air.	The motorcycle helmet is completely off and you can first see the person's mouth. 
0	0	0	A man riding a skateboard on a street.	The motorcycle helmet is off and the person's right hand is blocking almost his whole face. 
0	0	0	A group of men sitting in front of a computer on a snowy day.	The very tips of the 4th line of black text is just barely starting to be seen at the very bottom of the image.  
0	0	0	A picture of a person holding a cell phone.	The person's right thumb is right by the upper right corner of the object he is holding in his left hand.  His left thumb is totally blocking the text on the top of the object. 
0	0	0	A person holding a cell phone with a picture of a person holding a cell phone.	The right hand is at the bottom half of the phone case under the picture of the face. 
0	0	0	A group of rabbits sitting on top of a table.	In the target all of the animals are looking to the left. The rabbit on the far right has it's head just about even with the rabbit next to it.
0	0	0	A group of macaroni and guinea pigs sitting on top of a table.	A hand on the right is about to pet the bunny furthest to the right side
0	0	0	A man and a woman standing next to each other.	The preacher's left hand is facing away from him palm out and up as his mouth is open.  The image is slightly blurry
0	0	0	A man and a woman standing next to each other.	The brides hands are up beside her face.
0	0	0	A group of people sitting at a table looking at a laptop computer.	All but the very back of the bun on the back of the flannel wearing man is visible
0	0	0	A group of people sitting at a table in front of a computer.	A man in stripped hoodie has his left hand by his collar
0	0	0	a couple of hot dogs on a plate on a table.	The person's thumbnail is facing towards the camera in this closeup picture of a paper plate with a bagel on it
0	0	0	A person holding a plate of food on a grill.	Thumb is close to grabbing the plate but no contact is made. Only top third of bottom bagel can be seen.
0	0	0	A person holding a plate of food on a table.	The very tiniest part of the upper bagel half is just off of the bottom of the picture.  A thumb is clearly seen next to the grill. 
0	0	0	A person standing in a room with a bunch of clothes on.	You can't see the nose of the boy holding the camera.  More grey than black of the boy's hat is showing. 
0	0	0	A person standing next to a bunch of pieces of clothing.	The boy's nose is just starting to become visible.  Only one finger on his right hand can be seen.  No fingers of the left hand can be seen. 
0	0	0	A woman holding an umbrella in front of a building.	A woman in a bridal gown is facing the camera from a distance with only the arm of her walking companion visible.
0	0	0	A woman holding a bouquet of flowers in front of a window.	The bride and father are still outside of the church.  You can't see the father's face at all but can see some of his body. 
0	0	0	A man and woman standing in front of a church.	The man's face has just come into view from behind the leaves.
0	0	0	A person is holding a plate of food on top of a plate.	The spoon is off to the right not touching or covering any of the brown filling of the appetizer.
0	0	0	Two people sitting at a table with beer and chips.	The two people wearing glasses look at each other, while the person without glasses looks toward them and the girl with glasses on her head doesn't hold a cup.
0	0	0	A group of people sitting at a table.	The girl in the black shirt is looking down and to the left.
0	0	0	A group of people sitting at a table.	the guy on blue with glasses on is looking at the ground behind him, no one is seen in the background
0	0	0	A bowl of salad with a knife and a bowl of vegetables.	A bowl of olives is being poured into the vegetables and is touching a pile of herbs
0	0	0	A bowl filled with fruit and vegetables on a table.	There is text at the bottom of the screen, and the person is in the process of dumping black beans into the bowl, with beans pouring out - half on the salad.. The bowl they are holding is not yet empty.
0	0	0	A bowl filled with lettuce, tomatoes, and other vegetables on a table.	no writing is present, as olives is added to the plate ad the empty plate is lifted up
0	0	0	A person is holding a plastic box in their hands.	The right hand is pinching the front side of the box, with middle and ring finger extended. The left hand is making a C shape.
0	0	0	a close up of a woman with a ponytail.	A girl has her head facing slightly to the right with raised eyebrows, while her left hand is raised roughly to the level of her mouth
0	0	0	A close up of a woman in a white shirt and tie.	there is a girl looking at the camera and you can not see her hands
0	0	0	A woman holding a cell phone in her hand.	A woman her hand raised to side and mouth is closed.
0	0	0	A woman in a white dress and a man in a white dress.	The image is very blurry. The bride's head is about in the center of the picture. The groom's shoulder is overlapping her shoulder and a bit of her side body.
0	0	0	A bride and groom standing in front of a crowd of people.	You can see a man's face over the groom's right shoulder.  There is very slight blur in the image. 
0	0	0	A man and a woman standing next to each other.	You can see a man's face over the groom's right shoulder.  The image is clear with no blur at all. 
0	0	0	A little girl reaching for a bowl of apples.	The woman's left hand is visible but her eyes are cut off.
0	0	0	Two people are sitting on surfboards in the water.	There are 2 yellow balls in the water, one at the bottom left and another near the.paddles of the canoers are facing straightt corner and the other near the canoe. The  up with the bottom of their paddles in the water
0	0	0	A couple of people on a surfboard in the water.	There is a yellow square thing behind the back the the rower which is right above the yellow ball. Both rowers are facing towards the right of the picture. 
0	0	0	A refrigerator with lots of different types of food.	The sign with a yellow stripe above three objects on it is the furthest thing to the bottom left of the wall visible
0	0	0	A refrigerator with lots of different types of vending machines.	There is a wall full of pictures and the back of a man in a white shirt on the right.
0	0	0	A group of people walking down a street.	a medium distance shot of two women in a street with a lady in the background in red pants with her left leg behind her right leg walking
0	0	0	Two people standing on a sidewalk next to each other.	The black shirt hanging on the left is touching the edge of the frame.
0	0	0	A woman and a girl walking down a street.	You can't see the shoes on the girls but you can see their legs. 
0	0	0	A cake pan filled with batter on top of a baking sheet.	There is a blender toward the front center of the bowl, mixing items that are mostly stuck on the mixing parts
0	0	0	A man riding a skateboard on a city street.	Most of the truck is in the sunlight. It is driving on the wrong lane under a traffic light.
0	0	0	A police officer standing next to a dog in a parking lot.	A cop is talking to a man with his thumb up.
0	0	0	A police officer standing next to a cop car.	The picture is the most zoomed out and the man on the right has his hand open with the thumb mostly pointing straight up. 
0	0	0	A man looking at a tank of fuel in a truck.	The man's forehead is visible but his hairline is not
0	0	0	A man is cleaning a container of beef stew.	There is no green hose visible at all on the left side but the man's hair is showing a bit at the top.
0	0	0	A couple of men standing next to each other.	The man in the middle is leaning slightly forward with an outstretched arm and his mouth is open
0	0	0	A couple of men standing next to each other.	Three men are standing in a group. The man in the middle has his right arm straight out touching the chest of the man on the left. His hand and fingers are visible. The man on the right has his mouth open.
0	0	0	A couple of men playing a game of frisbee.	All three men are standing up straight. One number is partially visible on the back of the man on the right, only one and only bits of it.
0	0	0	A group of people standing next to each other.	Woman all the way to the left has the right side of their sunglasses cut off by the frame. You can't see any of the right sunglass frame.
0	0	0	A group of people that are standing next to each other.	You can see the person's right hand only on the far right and can still see the side of her face but no sunglasses are present. 
0	0	0	A photo taken with a camera on a tripod.	Only a little bit of the left thumb can be seen next to the camera
0	0	0	A person taking a picture of a camera.	The left hand has its thumb, index and middle finger in view. The ring finger barely shows up. The hand forms a 'c' shape besides the camera.
0	0	0	A person is using a colorful cake to decorate a table.	The blue object in their hands is at the top right corner of the bowl. The mixture in the bowl still looks very marbled. 
0	0	0	A woman sitting on a bench holding a cup of coffee.	the blue hat on the head of the girl on the right is the closest to touching the top of the image
0	0	0	A woman standing on a bench holding a cup of coffee.	The woman in the middle is almost fully upright.  Her left hand is right at the neck of the woman sitting in the background who has a blue top on. 
0	0	0	A woman holding a frisbee in a park.	The woman on the right is fully upright.  Her left hand is directly above the woman's head who has a blue top on in the background. 
0	0	0	A couple of men playing soccer on a field.	The picture is not very blurry. Five people are shown. Something red and yellow is visible on the back of the person in the bottom center.
0	0	0	A group of people playing soccer on a field.	The man in blue has kicked the ball and it has disappeared from view.  You can see the man's entire body coming in from the left who is wearing a striped jersey. 
0	0	0	A woman is talking on her cell phone.	Her hand is on her chest.  Her mouth is in an O shape. 
0	0	0	A little girl playing with a kite on a lawn.	The little girl in the blue dress is smiling with her eyes closed. The blue balloon she is holding is covering her right eye.
0	0	0	A person standing next to a birthday cake with a dog.	The dog mascot's right eye is barely visible but it's nose is hidden. 
0	0	0	A person dressed as a dog wearing a firefighter's hat.	The dog's ear is barely covering the right corners of the second house window on the back.
0	0	0	A person dressed up as a dog on a lawn.	The dog mascot is sticking its hands out straight towards the sides of its body. 
0	0	0	A dog that is wearing a red and white coat.	The dog mascot has its hands out at 90 degree angles from its body and the red hat is not very visible. 
0	0	0	A couple of kids sitting on the ground with a hat on.	The girl in blue is sitting on the left of the kid in the cap and you can see some of the back of her head as she looks down
0	0	0	A little boy with a hat on top of a table.	You can see both of the boy in orange's hands for the first time. 
0	0	0	A person chopping up a salad on a table.	One hand is blurred and curled over the center of the bowl, and the spoon is so blurred it's not really visible.
0	0	0	A person with a bowl of food in front of a table.	A blurred hand is almost perfectly centered above, inside, the bowl.
0	0	0	A helicopter that is flying in the air.	A grey helicopter flying in the air facing to the left and slightly angled up. 
0	0	0	A helicopter that is flying in the air.	The blue and orange helicopter is flying in the cloudy skies.
0	0	0	A helicopter is parked on top of a fence.	Grey helicopter on the ground facing the right side of the picture.
0	0	0	A woman sitting on a bench with a phone in her hand.	The woman is looking forward at the camera but has her eyes closed. The soda can in her hand rests against her face and covers her chin from view.
0	0	0	A woman sitting on top of a bench holding a cup.	Women's eyes are looking left but face is straight with can tilted sideways slightly by mouth.
0	0	0	A woman sitting on a bench holding a phone.	The girl is looking to the left and the edge of the can is almost touching her chin. She has her pinky finger sticking out.
0	0	0	A book that has a lot of information on it.	The writing in the corner is fully visible an there is no hands in the image.
0	0	0	A book that is sitting on top of a person's head.	The fingers on the right hand have just reappeared on the right hand side. 
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a bed with a shirt on.	The girl is looking fully to the right.
0	0	0	A woman sitting on top of a big tent.	A woman is seen with a slight closed smile and her eyes nearly closed 
0	0	0	A group of children sitting at a table eating pizza.	the kid in orange is sticking his tongue out towards what he's eating while the other two kids appear to be taking bites
0	0	0	A group of children sitting at a table eating cake.	You can clearly see the number on the cake in front of the boy in green for the first time. 
0	0	0	A group of children sitting at a table eating cookies.	You can clearly see the first word of cursive text in red on the white circle next to the number on the cake
0	0	0	A group of people standing in a crowded room.	The yellow logo at the lower right corner is cut off right at the middle. 
0	0	0	a close up of a man in a suit and tie.	The hand of the man is at a 45 degree angle with the bottom of the image.  His mouth is in the process of opening
0	0	0	A man in a suit and tie poses for a picture.	His hand rises up in front of his arm pit, held flat, palm visible.
0	0	0	A man is posing for a picture.	Can see his right hand and fingers clearly with their gaps.
0	0	0	A photo of a dog and a fire hydrant.	A dark overall shot that is mostly grey in color.  There is a gun that is pointed to an opening in a wall in the distance.  There is a blueish light on the far right side of the image. 
0	0	0	A man riding a motorbike through a building.	The gun is turned sideways at the very bottom of the picture.
0	0	0	A photo of a man riding a skateboard on a street.	No gun is visible. You see the entrance to a warehouse with a crack in the right wall.
0	0	0	A woman is cooking some food on a grill.	The woman's right hand obscures the top 1/3 of the oblong yellow platter on the grill side as she holds aluminum foiled item just to the right of the grill's surface.
0	0	0	A woman holding a cake in front of a refrigerator.	The blue square on the wall to the upper left is completely visible. Three of the dogs legs are visible.
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a refrigerator.	The dog is visible at the very edge of the bottom center, one leg is slightly visible, the others are cut off.
0	0	0	A blurry image of a person holding a banana.	Almost all of the flour is covered by the fist and the left thumb can be seen clearly as well.
0	0	0	A man is holding a frisbee in his hand.	the boy's glasses are visible but not the top of his head
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a table with a plastic bag.	The boy in the striped shirt is leaning against a mattress. The boy's head and hair can be all seen. 
0	0	0	A birthday cake with candles on top of it.	The lighting is very dark. The man on the far right has his hand in front of the mouth of the man next to him.
0	0	0	A group of people standing in front of a cake.	The boy in a white T-shirt has his hands together which are under a shadow. At the same time, the girl furthest to the left has her hands down on her lap.
0	0	0	A group of people standing in front of a cake.	The person on the far right has his eyes closed.  His mouth is slightly open and you can see his teeth. 
0	0	0	A young boy is holding a toy bag in front of a door.	the child's reaching hand is roughly level with where his chin would be
0	0	0	A boy in a dressing gown is holding a Lego minifigure.	The boy's backpack is completely turned to us. There is a small bit of green showing under the white patch on his backpack, between the patch and the bottom of the picture.
0	0	0	A little boy in a hat standing in front of a comic book.	The boy is hanging a poster with his back to us. Only a tiny part of his left arm is visible. His right hand is covering most of the dalmation's nose and all of its left eye.
0	0	0	A little boy playing with a fire hydrant.	The dog on the right has taken his hands away from his face and are at chest level palms facing inward toward his body. .  
0	0	0	A child holding a bowl of toothbrushes in front of a bowl of toothbrushes.	only the white measuring cup is visible but not eh hand holding it, while the fingertips of the hand holding the yellow object are visible
0	0	0	A collection of toothbrushes in a bowl on a table.	You can't see the pink handle on the white pan. You can still see most of the white pan.  The yellow bowl is tipped toward the camera. 
0	0	0	A white table topped with a glass of milk on a counter.	The middle glass is on the table.  You can still see fingers on the edge of the glass but just barely. 
0	0	0	A couple of people sitting on a couch next to a television.	The woman on the left side of the image has her left hand pointed straight up at the ceiling.
0	0	0	A couple of people sitting in a living room.	There is a bright light in the upper left corner of the image but you can still clearly see all of the woman's body. 
0	0	0	A couple of people sitting in a living room.	There is a pink hexagon from the lighting in front of a man sitting on a red chair.
0	0	0	A photo of a person holding a gun.	The image is tinted very red, but there is not much blood on the screen yet, and it says 130 on the screen.
0	0	0	A photo of a person standing next to a fire hydrant.	The picture that looks the reddest and most bloody. 
0	0	0	A table with wooden chairs in front of a table.	The sign with orange text on the far left can't be seen at all anymore.  The very top of the red sign at the top center of the image is cut off but you can clearly see all of the text. 
0	0	0	A person is holding a red plastic toy inside of a plastic container.	The person's thumbs are touching each other.
0	0	0	A person is holding a toy controller in their hands.	The fingers of both hands are touching the red car in the middle, the car is visible you can see the eyes on it. 
0	0	0	A person is holding a toy that is wrapped in plastic.	The person is gripping an object in both hands.  The left and right hands appear to be roughly at the same level with each other. 
0	0	0	A woman with a pony on her head.	Only 2 women can be seen, and the woman on the right is facing directly toward the right side of the image.
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a motorized horse.	you can see the girl in sunglasses but not her hands, and then the edge of one other persons hair and arm
0	0	0	A woman is talking on her cell phone.	You can only see one person.
0	0	0	A group of men playing football on a field.	Some football players in white jerseys moving to the right in the foreground.  Some others with dark jerseys are at the right side of the image in the background. 
0	0	0	A group of football players playing a game of football.	A team with light blue jerseys and white helmets playing a team with dark helmets and darker blue jerseys. There are five players with light blue jerseys on. 
0	0	0	Two men on a field playing a game of football.	There are two light blue players on the ground and two dark blue players standing.
0	0	0	A woman in a white dress sitting in a chair.	A woman is centered with a smug expression on her closed mouth. The only background items are part of her chair and a plant.
0	0	0	A woman sitting in a chair with a cell phone.	A close up shot of a woman sitting.  The image has just gotten brighter.  She is looking at the camera and her mouth is slightly open so you can see a couple of teeth. 
0	0	0	A woman sitting in a chair with a cell phone in her hand.	A close up shot of a woman sitting.  Her mouth is closed and her face is straight up and down and not leaning at all
0	0	0	A man walking down a street with a green scarf.	The back of the woman is shown.  The bracelet on her right hand is by her hip. Her left arm is away from her body.
0	0	0	A little girl playing with a Frisbee in a field.	The girl's left foot is only touching the ground, the shoes are overlapping, and one pink sole is showing.
0	0	0	A little girl playing with a frisbee in the grass.	The girl's left foot has it's sole facing directly to the right.
0	0	0	A little girl in a dress playing with a birthday cake.	You can see the child on the left's left full eye and the blue wrapping paper is slightly clear standing up and the front edge
0	0	0	A little boy with a birthday cake in front of him.	The boy's lips are puckered as he opens the gift and the girl's eye is only partially visible. 
0	0	0	Two young children playing with a birthday cake.	the girl on blue both eyes cannot be seen, but her tooth is visible, with the boy on green left arm slightly covering the red logo on the orange boy's shirt
0	0	0	Two bowls of eggs in a bowl on a table.	The flour, eggs and batter bowls are all visible, with more of flour bowl visible than the batter bowl.
0	0	0	A bowl filled with eggs and bacon on a table.	The bowl of flour is one third visible and the chocolate bowl is not quite fully visible while the eggs are fully visible.
0	0	0	A person holding a bowl of fried eggs on a table.	Both bowls can be seen evenly, four fingers are spread behind bowls
0	0	0	A group of people standing on a basketball court.	The Blue bag in foreground is center most.
0	0	0	A person holding a piece of fruit on a table.	The man's left hand is not touching any part of the pepper, and his four fingers are mostly curled under, and they're mostly blurry.
0	0	0	A person holding a piece of fruit on a table.	The middle slice of the pepper, on the cutting board, is being grabbed.
0	0	0	A person holding a bowl of food on top of a table.	Though obscured from view, the right hand appears to be grasping the edge of the plate of red onions. The left hand's thumb only is visible on the rim of the metal bowl.
0	0	0	Three black rhinos are swimming in the water.	A group of orca whales swimming with each other.
0	0	0	Two black and white rhinos are swimming in the water.	An orca's fin and right "eye" is seen. The orca is facing right and a smaller fin is in front of it.
0	0	0	A black and white animal is swimming in the water.	one orca in the center, swimming to the left, and just a fin of another one next to its mouth
0	0	0	A horse that is standing in the middle of a room.	The animal's nose is just on the dividing line down the middle of the wall that separates a lighter and darker side. 
0	0	0	A dog that is standing in a room.	The baby kangaroo face is clearly seen, not too blurry, with only a small part of the ear missing.
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a black and white cell phone.	You can fully see the tattoo on the woman's right arm for the first time. 
0	0	0	A woman holding a cell phone in her hand.	The woman's face is not visible at all, but her shoulders are.
0	0	0	A man in a hat and sunglasses is holding a bird in his hand.	The flower the boy is holding is positioned just below and to the right of his chin
0	0	0	A man that is holding a camera in his hand.	His eyes are closed, mouth open and some bottom and top teeth visible.
0	0	0	A man standing in a field with a bunch of binoculars.	The guy's eyes are open and looking forward. 
0	0	0	A woman sitting on top of a table in a room.	A very stip of the man's face is visible in the to corner, and the woman is looking down at something with the top of her hair off frame
0	0	0	A woman sitting at a table with a cell phone in her hand.	The woman is looking down as a man whose nose is visible leans over.
0	0	0	A basketball court with basketball players on it.	A shot of a purple table on a blue floor with another image partially superimposed over it
0	0	0	A picture of a basketball court with a basketball rack on it.	The only people visible are two blurry heads above the bottom edge and a very blurry person sitting on the left.
0	0	0	A refrigerator with a bunch of bananas on top of it.	The blue outline on the left of the man is extending past the top of the screen.
0	0	0	A woman holding a tray of broccoli on top of a table.	The woman looks like she has both hands on the plate, and her rings on her right hand are facing forward the most. There is only a small space between the top edge of the foil and the plate.
0	0	0	A woman holding a tray of broccoli on top of a table.	Both hands are holding a yellow plae with vegetables, evenly over aluminum foil.
0	0	0	A tray full of food is stacked on top of each other.	This image is a sink or pan full of water and shredded chicken.  In the far upper right hand corner, you can see something red.  No hands are obvious in this image. 
0	0	0	A lot of food is being stacked on top of each other.	No hands are in the picture and you see the facet running on the right side of the picture. 
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a wall with a cell phone.	Half of the woman's fingers are visible and she is holding something tight in her hands.
0	0	0	A group of tents and hammocks in the woods.	A picture of a green tent on the left of the image.  Three total people are in the shot. 
0	0	0	A group of people sitting on a grassy area.	4 total people are seen.  3 are sitting and another with a striped shirt is standing over them. 
0	0	0	A man standing next to a car with a suitcase.	Man in a red coat facing the back of a blue car with the trunk open and stuff all around him.
0	0	0	A picture of a table with chairs and microphones.	4 rows of the crowd are at least partially visible underneath 5 fully visible letters in gold/yellow
0	0	0	A large room filled with chairs and chairs.	The last three letters of the text on the left are still visible. 
0	0	0	A picture of a kitchen with a bunch of televisions on it.	The first word and the first letter of the text above the man at the desk are light in white. 
0	0	0	A woman laying on top of a bed on the floor.	A woman in yellow is lying on the floor with her feet pointed down
0	0	0	A woman laying on top of a bed in a room.	she is laying almost flat on the ground, her leg is bent upwards at a 90 degree angle
0	0	0	A woman laying on top of a bed in a room.	The girl is down on the ground. Her leg is bend and the heel of this leg is next to her butt. 
0	0	0	A woman holding a basket of carrots on a table.	The woman's right pinky is touching the yellow plate while the rest of the fingers hover over the green beans.
0	0	0	A woman holding a tray of carrots on a table.	A woman's right hand is clasping greenbeans with no thumb showing and other hand gripping on left.
0	0	0	A woman holding a tray of carrots on a table.	The left hand is taking vegetables off a yellow plate.
0	0	0	A woman in a wedding dress holding an umbrella.	There is a bridge visible on the right side of the image. The bottom of the bride's dress is cut off by the bottom edge of the image. 
0	0	0	A blue container with a toothbrush sitting on top of it.	Only very little liquid is visible in the bottom left corner of the container
0	0	0	A blue vase sitting on top of a white table.	There is no picture overlay.  The white cream is starting to cover the bottom of the blue stuff in the bottle and you can see a little sliver of blue at the bottom
0	0	0	A blue and white container with a tube in it.	The white cream is covering up half of the blue stuff in the bottle with some of the white cream looking slightly darker. 
0	0	0	A little girl standing next to a white hat.	The girl's mouth is wide open and you can see her top teeth.  No blue balloon is seen on the right. 
0	0	0	A little girl with a hat and a ponytail standing outside.	the girl is biting her lip and the blue balloon is not visible.
0	0	0	A man singing in front of a microphone.	A man near a microphone facing towards the upper right corner.  It is very dark and the man looks very red. 
0	0	0	A man is taking a photo of himself in the water.	The man is holding up a fish with a proud expression. The fish tail is swinging right. The man's nose and mouth are clearly visible, but his arm is blocking part of his right cheek and eye..
0	0	0	A man is holding a balloon in his hand.	The white watch on the hand to the right is just barely visible at the bottom of the image. 
0	0	0	A man with a blue shirt and a blue tie.	A slightly blurry person looks upwards and to the right while golf clapping
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a table with a cell phone in his hand.	Man is looking up to the left, right hand fingers are at the palm of left hand like he is about to clap
0	0	0	A man standing in a room with a cell phone in his hand.	The man has his eyes closed.  His mouth is open and the head is looking slightly to the left side of the picture. 
0	0	0	A group of women sitting on a beach.	The girl in grey and the girl in flannel are both turning their heads towards the camera while their bodies are oriented away from it
0	0	0	A group of people standing on the ground next to a pile of luggage.	Girl in grey hoodie has fruit directly below mouth and legs spread out 
0	0	0	A group of people jumping onto a dirt road.	Several young girls are trying to eat something tied on a string. A girl in a blue jacket seems to have succeeded and is standing back with something in her mouth and is starting to raise her right arm.  
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a man in a room.	The man's head is seen in the left center of the image.  The woman's nose on the right can still barely be seen. 
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a man in a room.	The right side of the man's head is right next to the black women in the white robe.  The left side is covering the face of the woman on the far left but not her hair.
0	0	0	A woman cooking a bowl of food in a kitchen.	There are two visible frames, with the woman's head cut off at eye level.
0	0	0	A woman cooking a food in a kitchen.	the screen is evenly seperated, at the top you part of her open chest area, no head or neck area, while the bottom you can see her head, no other body part other than her shoulders
0	0	0	A woman cooking a bowl of food in a kitchen.	Image is split in two. On the bottom, the bowl is facing her and her moth is open. On the top, her head is not visible, only her red apron and knife hovering over the bowl.
0	0	0	A group of people standing next to each other in a store.	The man in the black tee in the middle has his left hand inline with shoe of the man in a black sweater behind him.
0	0	0	A group of people standing around a store.	the elbow of the woman in purple in the left bottom corner is slightly cut off
0	0	0	A group of people standing next to each other on a sidewalk.	The person in purple in the lower left corner, their left arm is fully visible. Behind the person in purple there are 2 people in black fully in the picture but on the very edge of the left side.
0	0	0	A view of a field of grass next to a road.	No traffic signs in the picture. You can see two wood log poles on the left. 
0	0	0	A street sign on the side of a road.	You can clearly see the number on the sign, but it is hard to see the words. Almost right next to the sign.
0	0	0	A woman sitting on top of a couch playing a video game.	The lights in the background are off, the woman on the left can be fully seen and a present on the left can just barely be seen. 
0	0	0	A cell phone sitting on top of a table.	A screen on a black phone with a keyboard at the bottom.  There is a clock with hands on the screen. 
0	0	0	A keyboard and mouse sitting on a wooden surface.	A white keyboard in the front with a lit up phone screen behind it on a wood table. 
0	0	0	An ornate church with a clock on the wall.	7 little candles are in front of an altar with an orange/yellow glowing thing in front of it
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a large church.	Picture is not blurry, it is looking straight. There are columns on both sides and a row of pews on each side. There is a round thing in the front with a white cross on top.
0	0	0	A church with a large altar in the middle of it.	Three windows are seen with light coming in them.  Another light is seen at the top left hand corner. 
0	0	0	A person is cutting paper with scissors on a wooden table.	At top, three visible fingers hold the item, and three fingers are visible by the bottom pointed edge of the item.
0	0	0	A child playing with toys in a room full of Christmas presents.	child's hand and package being held are blurriest here.
0	0	0	A little boy sitting next to a bunch of toys.	His hands are furthest and right hand is hidden behind his head.
0	0	0	A person holding a plate of chocolate icing on top of a plate.	The blue object has been removed from the chocolate object for the 2nd time.  There is no overlay. 
0	0	0	A person holding a bowl of lettuce on top of a table.	The person's ring is highest to to the top of the image.
0	0	0	A woman standing on top of a bed in front of a table.	There are two people visible. Both are looking to the left with a window visible by the boy. The words on the boy's shirt is visible.
0	0	0	A woman standing on top of a bed in a bedroom.	The man in the white shirt has just completed his turn and is looking out the window.  You can see his left arm but can't see any of his right arm.  
0	0	0	A woman is standing on top of a bed.	There is a man in a white shirt looking out the window.  You can see both of his arms
0	0	0	A woman holding a basket full of oranges and bananas.	A persons two fingers are all we are able to see of them here.
0	0	0	A woman holding a bowl of apples and bananas in front of a table.	no photographer hand in the picture the little girl's hand touches the bottom
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a kitchen table.	a women is standing at a counter with her eyes closed and hand in front of her with finger pointing straight up. hand is blurry and in center of her chest
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a kitchen table.	The woman faces forward, mouth open and top teeth visible. Eyes are half open but clearly visible.
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a kitchen table.	The woman is looking directly at the camera and speaking. Both rows of teeth are visible. Neither hand is visible.
0	0	0	A person is holding a remote in their hand.	The envelope is turned at an angle, so that it is being curved, and not fully straight, but standing up between two pinched fingers.
0	0	0	a close up of a person's fingers on a keyboard.	Two hands playing an organ with two levels of keys.  The right hand is on the higher level and the left hand is on the lower level. 
0	0	0	A violin sitting on top of a stage.	A piano is seen in purple light.  No hands are seen on the piano. 
0	0	0	A person holding a white piano on top of a table.	The piano is on the left. The arms playing it is tan with a white shirt.
0	0	0	A white and black kitchen with a white wall and a black and white floor.	Kitchen with a black and white checkerboard tile floor.
0	0	0	A view of a living room with a white wall.	A white room with a wood floor with a black column on the right.  A green plant hanging on the wall is on the far left side of the image
0	0	0	A living room filled with furniture and a chair.	There is a sculptural red chair with a red footstool in a room with wood floors and speakers on either side of the television.  
0	0	0	A bowl filled with salad, lettuce, and a glass of wine.	Both utensils are barely being inserted into the bowl while the persons right pinky finger is being cut off of the image.
0	0	0	A bowl filled with lettuce, tomatoes, and a salad.	The salad is not tossed and the tongs are deep in
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a table with a cake.	The woman on the right is looking at the object in her hand for the first time. 
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a cake in a kitchen.	The woman on the right is looking at the object.  Her right hand is in a claw shape and is near her hair. 
0	0	0	A close up of a close up of a chicken.	A very close up shot of a chicken's head.  The chicken has white feathers only. 
0	0	0	A close up of a close up of a chicken.	A picture of a chicken with dark feathers.  You can only see one eye of the chicken and it is facing to the left of the image which has a grey background. 
0	0	0	A close up of a close up of a chicken.	A rooster's head is facing our right. You can see its tail and a green background out of focus behind it.
0	0	0	a close up of a man sitting in a kitchen.	The man is looking left with pouty lips.
0	0	0	A man standing next to a refrigerator in a kitchen.	A man who is looking down and has his mouth slightly open so you can see his bottom teeth.  The man's right arm is being slightly blocked by the circle in the lower left corner. 
0	0	0	A man standing next to a refrigerator in a kitchen.	A man looking down with his mouth and eyes closed.  You can see the entire screen in the back of the man with very little wall showing on the far left. 
0	0	0	A person standing in front of a kitchen counter.	The front of the yellow object on the man's head is visible as he stands back up
0	0	0	A man standing next to a dog on a kitchen counter.	just legs and one foot showing, both feet on ground,  one foot hidden by the circle target item
0	0	0	A man is standing in the middle of a kitchen.	Can only see the guy's legs as he walks. One foot is planted on the ground. The other foot is about to finish the step. 
0	0	0	A woman with a ponytail walking down a grassy path.	All but the shoulder of the bride's left arm is off frame and the groom is blurry and his hands are adjusting his tie
0	0	0	A woman with a hat and a white shirt walking down a dirt path.	The groom's nose can't be seen, and his hands are touching his bow tie.
0	0	0	A woman walking down a path with a cell phone in her hand.	The woman on the left is very, very blurry. Her veil is just barely touching the top of the image
0	0	0	An apple sitting on top of a wooden plate.	A yellow apple with the stem pointing to the upper right corner.  It is on a dark surface. 
0	0	0	A person holding a red apple in their hand.	A mostly red apple that is being held by a person. You can clearly see the person's thumb on the left side. 
0	0	0	A red apple sitting on top of a table.	There is a red and yellow apple with a large, yellowish, apple-shaped spot on the front.
0	0	0	A woman with a ponytail standing in front of a rack of books.	The woman is looking at the camera with her eyes and mouth open.  You can just barely see some top teeth. 
0	0	0	A close up of a woman in a white dress.	The woman's eyes are wide open and her mouth is slightly open which makes it look like she is surprised about something. 
0	0	0	a close up of a woman with a cell phone in her hair.	The woman's eyes are closed, her mouth is open showing top teeth and her eyebrows are high.
0	0	0	A view of a kite flying in the air.	The picture is oriented wrong - The left hand side should be the bottom.  It is a picture of a path through trees on either side of it. 
0	0	0	A view of a park with trees and a fence.	The picture is oriented wrong.  The right side should be the bottom.  The picture is of blossoming trees and the blossoms are white. 
0	0	0	A view of a body of water on a cloudy day.	An upside-down image of a cloudy sky, mountains and trees.
0	0	0	A couple of people standing next to each other in a room.	The girl and red hat person are a bit away from each other, around half an arm length away.
0	0	0	A couple of people standing next to each other on a beach.	A blurry couple, one with a pink hat, is dancing very close. You can see the girl's face in profile.
0	0	0	A woman in a red shirt and blue pants is holding a baseball bat.	The male dancer in the red hat is covering his partner face, there is blurry blond hair and a shoulder at the bottom right.  The woman in the bikini is fully visible.
0	0	0	A couple of people on a boat in the water.	Some men that are on a jet-ski.  You can just see some black text on the boat over the left shoulder of the man in black but you can't read the entire word. 
0	0	0	A group of people on a boat in the water.	The very right edge of the text on the boat is still covered up by the driver of the jet-ski.  
0	0	0	A blurry image of a man flying through the air.	a bright white blurry picture with what appears to be a tree to the very left partially off frame
0	0	0	A group of people standing in front of a crowd of people.	A woman is walking down the aisle.  There is a man to her right side (picture's left) that is holding a baby and he just put his head down to look at the baby. 
0	0	0	A group of people sitting at a table in front of a large crowd of people.	The pinky finger of the woman in the center front is bent at a 90 degree angle, but it is not touching her face.
0	0	0	A group of people sitting at a table in front of a crowd of people.	The bride is left of center in the "door-frame" and is not overlapping any part of the frame. You can see that the man closest to us is wearing glasses. The woman next to him is touching her eye with her finger.
0	0	0	A bowl filled with some kind of meat on a plate.	The leftmost piece of chicken is picked up from the white bowl. 
0	0	0	A young child is sitting in front of a Christmas tree.	The label of the toy is clearly visible as it points in the direction of the boy's face and the boy's hand is resting on the corner of the box.
0	0	0	A red motorcycle parked in a parking lot.	Red motorcycle facing left.
0	0	0	A red motorcycle parked in a grassy area.	A red motocycle facing to the right side of the picture. There is a red barn in the background. 
0	0	0	A red and white motorcycle parked on the grass.	A red motorcycle with a black seat and lots of chrome. It is parked on a concrete platform, there is a line in the concrete that runs almost directly under the center of the motorcycle. In the top right corner is a green Bush. On the other side of the motorcycle is a red curb. Beyond the red curb is some green grass.
0	0	0	A group of people standing next to each other on a street.	There is a man in red on the far right side of the image.  You can see his entire body and only one hand in the air. 
0	0	0	A group of people standing next to each other on a street.	The man in red on the right side of the image has both hands up and out from his body. 
0	0	0	A group of people standing in front of a building.	The bull is right behind the black shirt man and he is right in front of the yellow shirt guy.
0	0	0	A large brown bear sitting in a fenced in area.	A camel that is laying on the ground.  It is facing to the left.  There is a fence in the background with leaves behind the fence. The camel is mostly in shade. 
0	0	0	A large brown elephant sitting in a grassy area.	One camel facing the camera sitting in front of two trees.
0	0	0	a close up of a horse laying on the ground.	The camel with two humps is laying down and facing the left. There is a horizontal metal bar fence behind it. 
0	0	0	A couple of electronic devices sitting on a wooden table.	There are some electronics on a wood surface.  There is a small rectangular object with a black screen on the upper left part of the image. 
0	0	0	A close up of a cell phone sitting on top of a table.	An up close shot of an old phone with a blank screen.  The phone is oriented from the lower left to the upper right. 
0	0	0	A cell phone sitting on top of a wooden table.	An older cell phone with blue keys, a flash drive, earbuds and an MP3 player.
0	0	0	A plate full of food on a table.	On the very small plate at the top left a yellowish cucumberlike vegetable is most fully visible.
0	0	0	A plate filled with food on a table.	The very top left corner seems to vanish
0	0	0	A plate filled with food on a table.	This is the image that has both plates superimposed and mostly visible.
0	0	0	A child is sitting in the back of a van.	Items are just beginning to tumble from truck bed and none of boy's chin is visible.
0	0	0	A young boy is sitting on top of a wagon.	The child has their left hand on the back of the yellow toy truck and is lifting the back of the truck to dump the toy balls on the floor.  Only three of the multicolored toy balls are on the floor, with the remainder still in the truck.  You can not see the face of the child in this photo.
0	0	0	A couple of different kinds of electronic toys sitting on a table.	The green part of the board is directly in the middle of the frame.
0	0	0	A man standing next to a river with a hat on.	You can barely see the fishing pole in the man's hand as he holds a fish out in front of him at stomach level
0	0	0	A man standing on top of a lake with a fish in his hand.	Man is holding up fish with his left arm at about 2 o clock.
0	0	0	A man standing on a pier with a baseball bat in his hand.	The man has a fish near his body.  Only one hand is seen. 
0	0	0	A little girl sitting in front of a table full of milk.	The baby's right hand is not showing. Both hands of the child in the background are showing plainly.
0	0	0	A little girl sitting in front of a table with a bunch of toys.	They are playing Guess Who. An index finger is touching the edge of a door, as though about to close it. Only one other door is closed.
0	0	0	A man in a suit and tie standing in front of a computer.	The man has curled his finger close together over the yellow bar and he is slightly smiling.
0	0	0	A man in a suit standing in front of a white wall.	Man holds hands up above text with mouth wide open.
0	0	0	A couple of horses standing next to each other.	A non close up shot of a grey horse facing a fence
0	0	0	A drawing of a penguin sitting on top of a book.	There is plastic covering the penguin who is smoking a cigarette
0	0	0	A couple of penguins standing next to each other.	A baby penguin stands in front of two adult penguins with a white glacier background.
0	0	0	A group of birds sitting on top of a table.	green ballons to the left with three dull penguins to the right
0	0	0	A woman sitting on a couch with a dog.	Both women are looking at each other with their mouths wide open.
0	0	0	A woman sitting next to a cat on a bed.	The woman in pink has her hands together and down, only one is visible. She is looking up.
0	0	0	A man with a beard standing in a room.	Man faces directly forward with head level, with no hands visible.
0	0	0	A man with a tie standing in a room.	The man's mouth is in an O shape. 
0	0	0	a close up of a bowl of food on a table.	the picture is blurry at the top left
0	0	0	A dog wearing a helmet and riding a motorcycle.	You can see the dog's tail completely for the first time.
0	0	0	A couple of women that are on a park bench.	The arm of the girl with the blue had is obstruction the nose and mouth of the woman in the purple shirt.
0	0	0	A toy model of a Lego Batman movie.	A lego batman and a black box are on the product
0	0	0	A model of a Lego model of a toy boat.	Lego set of some kind of battleship.
0	0	0	A person on a water skis in the water.	The character is facing to the left side.  Just the tips of his skis are touching the water. 
0	0	0	A plate of french fries sitting on a table.	white plate of fries with one very burnt one in the middle
0	0	0	A man and woman standing next to each other on a pier.	the very edge of the woman's front arm is blocked by the white pole
0	0	0	A man standing next to a woman in a restaurant.	A man and woman walk by a pole which obscures the whole white handle of the umbrella.
0	0	0	A man holding an umbrella over a woman.	A man walks by, while a woman walks behind a pole.
0	0	0	A couple of people walking down a city street.	A yellow SUV is parked near a crosswalk that 3 people are walking across
0	0	0	A couple of people walking down a brick street.	A narrow rustic cobblestone alley with trees visible at the end. The building on the left is brick and has a a white hanging store sign . 
0	0	0	A view of a city with tall buildings in the background.	Three visible skyscrapers with a smaller orange building in front and mostly blue skies 
0	0	0	A statue of a giraffe sitting on top of a statue.	This dark gray elephant has a pink design on this head and trunk. 
0	0	0	A statue of an elephant on display in a garden.	A grey elephant with golden leaves on it. 
0	0	0	A statue of an elephant on display in a park.	The elephant's head is blue with peacock tail designs on it's body. There is visible text under it.
0	0	0	A man standing next to a body of water.	Both hands are visible and the left hand is small and moving towards the back. None of his legs are visible and it's not clear whether he's sitting or standing. The bottom edge of the right hand is cut off.
0	0	0	A person is holding a remote control in their hand.	The top flap of the box has been opened and the person is reaching their hands inside the box to start to open the other flaps. 
0	0	0	A person is holding a box of scissors in front of them.	The box is fully open with each hand holding the side flaps out.
0	0	0	A view of a room full of people in a wheelchair.	The gun is pointing right at the right side of an object that looks like a telephone booth. 
0	0	0	A woman with a ponytail standing next to a parked car.	The can is in the far lower right corner.
0	0	0	A woman talking on her cell phone while driving.	The woman is looking to the right and her mouth is completely open.  Some top teeth are seen. 
0	0	0	A pan filled with food on top of a stove.	The pan is empty so far but there is a hand with a clear bottle over it. There is no text below the pan. 
0	0	0	A person holding a bowl of food on top of a stove.	The person is in the process of pouring the oil, and there is text at the bottom. You can see their thumb and other fingers wrapped around the jar.
0	0	0	A bowl of food sitting on top of a stove.	The pan is covered in oil.
0	0	0	A man laying on a bed next to another man.	A man with a tattoo on his back has another man on top of him
0	0	0	A group of people that are sitting on a stage.	There is a guy with a camera on the far left corner of the picture. The referee and wrestler are all down on the stage. 
0	0	0	A group of people standing next to a car.	The man in the red shirt is walking out of frame, but you can still see his face. The top edge is cutting off the top of his head. His arm is not blocking the hubcap of the red truck.
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a truck on a dirt road.	The right ear of the person with the dark top on in the foreground can be seen. Not much of their right arm is visible. 
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a truck on a dirt road.	The right arm of the person in pink can be seen but just barely.  It is very blurry.  The right arm of the person with the dark top on in the foreground can now be seen but part of it is cut off on the left. 
0	0	0	A person is cooking a hot dog on a grill.	The bagel is in the person's hand and 40% of the white plate is visible. 
0	0	0	A person is cooking a loaf of bread on a grill.	The person is showing the bagel to the camera.  Almost the entire plate is visible. 
0	0	0	a close up of a person holding a water bottle.	The is a white reflection on the bootle and the hand is not visible yet.
0	0	0	A man holding a hair dryer in his hands.	Only the top of the neck of the bottle can be seen. The bottom edge of the man's chin is just barely visible.
0	0	0	A person holding a pair of scissors on a bed.	Only a very small bit of the fingernail is visible at the bottom middle.
0	0	0	A person holding a pair of scissors in their hands.	A dirty hand is holding a black item at the bottom center of the image. You can see about three quarters of a fingernail on the hand that is holding the black item.
0	0	0	A person holding a pair of scissors on a table.	There is a lot of space between the two object the man is holding.  You can see almost the entire bottom object and he hasn't rotated it slightly clockwise yet. 
0	0	0	A person in a swimming pool with a goat in the water.	There is a person with a blue backpack on the far left.  The edge of the backpack is still just barely visible. 
0	0	0	A little girl is playing with a boat in the water.	There is a boy in orange at the bottom left of the image.  You can see his right arm and most of his body clearly but his left arm is off the image.  The person with the blue backpack is not see at all. 
0	0	0	A person in a swimming pool with a goat.	The boy's forearm is in the frame, but none of his body.
0	0	0	A close up of a young woman with a ponytail.	The girl's arm is extended to the right and her face is angled slightly in that direction as well with her mouth open
0	0	0	A close up of a woman in a white shirt and tie.	Her mouth and eyes are open, and you can see her tongue but very little of her teeth. Her hands are not visible. She is facing the camera
0	0	0	A woman sitting in front of a table with a cell phone.	The woman's eyes are closed with her face straight forward and her mouth is slightly open with a tiny glimpse of her front teeth.
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a crowd of people.	None of the purple bag in her left hand can be seen.  Her right hand and arm are right by her side. 
0	0	0	A group of people walking around a building.	A bit of the front of the purple bag can be seen in front of the model's body.  Her right arm is starting to swing behind her body. Her right fingers are blurry. 
0	0	0	A group of people standing in a public area.	There is a brown pole coming out above the very center of her head. There is not a light behind her head.
0	0	0	A man holding an umbrella in front of a woman holding an umbrella.	The couple are just past the first empty chair. The tips of the men fingers is covered by a head.
0	0	0	A man and woman holding an umbrella while holding an umbrella.	The fingertips of the groom is right on the edge of a head at the bottom left side of the picture. 
0	0	0	A close up of a motorcycle parked on the side of a road.	Part of the back wheel has just gone off the left side of the image but you can still see a good portion of the wheel. 
0	0	0	A close up of a motorcycle parked on the side of the road.	The metal rim on the front wheel is mostly visible, revealing its circular shape.
0	0	0	a close up of a man with a blue shirt and blue tie.	The person in the center is clapping his hands but they're spaced about shoulder length apart
0	0	0	Two men standing next to each other on a train.	A tiny bit of blue is seen on the electronic sign on the upper left hand part of the picture. 
0	0	0	A couple of people in a swimming pool with a goat in the water.	The girl is reaching towards the dog with her left hand but isn't quite touching it yet.  The right hand is above the water but not quite touching it.  
0	0	0	A child playing with a toy boat in the water.	The girl's right hand is just touching the surface of the water. Some of her dreadlocks are flying to the left.
0	0	0	A man standing on top of a pool playing with a goat.	There are two trees behind and to the right of the person in the dog costume, one tree partially covered by his head to the left, and one tree almost out of the frame to the left.
0	0	0	A group of people sitting in front of a red bus.	Two people are in a red car. They are align almost vertically.
0	0	0	A group of people standing in front of a red bus.	Half of the white circle on the back of the car is visible. 
0	0	0	A man and woman standing next to each other in a kitchen.	The man is pulling his hand back from the table and angles his body slightly towards the woman to the right of him
0	0	0	A man and woman standing next to each other in a kitchen.	The man has joined the woman by her side. His left hand is near the table and his right is at his waist. 
0	0	0	A man standing next to a woman in a kitchen.	The man is looking at the camera with his left pointer finger touching the cutting board.
0	0	0	a close up of a person holding a pair of scissors.	There is some faint white text on the lower right part of the screen.  It is faint but visible and you can read it clearly.  The text is fully on the man's grey jacket. 
0	0	0	a close up of a person holding a pair of scissors.	You can just start to see the bottom of the man's face who has a grey jacket on. 
0	0	0	A close up of a person wearing a jacket.	Two men, you can see both of their chins and mouths and a small part of the closest man's nose, but not their eyes.
0	0	0	a close up of a dog laying on the ground.	a red/brown animal with upright ears lies in some dirt
0	0	0	A giraffe is standing next to a fence.	A small animal in front of a wire fence looking almost directly at the camera.  Its tail is off to the left side of the picture. 
0	0	0	A close up of a grey and white animal sitting on a dirt ground.	A kangaroo facing us and squatting with his tail between his legs.
0	0	0	A couple of glasses of wine on a table.	The fingers are about to close around a shot glass but the glass is still all the way on the tray.
0	0	0	A couple of people sitting at a picnic table.	The shot glass has just been removed from the tray.
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a cake in a kitchen.	The woman on the right has just started pulling the gift out of the wrapping but you can still see her entire face. 
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a table with a plate of food.	The item she unwrapped is covering her nose and mouth.
0	0	0	A person is holding a dog's arm up in the air.	It looks like the goat has a pointed orange shoulder on the right.
0	0	0	A dog is jumping up and down in the air.	The goat's face is very close to the camera.  It is out of focus.  Only one ear can completely be seen. 
0	0	0	A little boy and a little girl standing next to each other.	You can fully see the red dog's eyes. 
0	0	0	A little boy and a boy standing next to each other.	Both eyes of the red dog are seen but the left eye is partially off the top edge of the image. 
0	0	0	A little boy with a baseball bat standing next to a little boy.	The boy has a surprised expression and is holding something horizontally in his left hand. Most of that hand is cut off by the right edge. The bat is almost touching the left edge.
0	0	0	A picture of a couch with a screen on it.	A very bright picture of some people.  There is a very bright white light on the screen but you can still make out that there are people in the shot. 
0	0	0	A picture of a chair with a screen on it.	The screen is blank, no people showing, there is a large white spot on the bottom center of the screen, and a white half circle and the top center.
0	0	0	Two men sitting in front of a television set.	The screen is faded. There are two men showing, one looking forward the other looking to the right.
0	0	0	A little girl petting a horse in a field.	The girl is kissing the mule. The image is not blurry.
0	0	0	A man that is in a grassy field with a dog.	The girl in white is nuzzling a small horse and her head is visible but the picture is very blurry. 
0	0	0	A couple of people standing in front of a fence.	You can see the girl in white's shirt but her head is not visible.
0	0	0	A man standing on top of a body of water.	There is lots of picture overlay.  The picture of the close up of the lake is almost gone and it is almost fully replace by a picture of a beach with a hut in the background. 
0	0	0	A man standing on a beach next to a river.	The scene of the beach with the blue house is clear without any fading.
0	0	0	A little boy that is playing with a bucket of sand.	The top of the kid's hat is cut off at the top. The boy is kneeling.
0	0	0	A little boy playing with a bucket of sand on the beach.	Child is going towards the bucket, but has no hands on it yet.
0	0	0	A little boy playing with a bucket of sand on the beach.	the kid is streching his arm towards the pink jovel with his feet on the ground
0	0	0	A group of kids playing basketball on a basketball court.	You can read the backwards text in black on the court with just the tip of the first letter off the bottom of the picture..  A person with a blue jersey is near the last latter
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a crowd of people.	There is a person in white on the far right side of the image. The left side of his body is cut off on the right but you can see his entire head.  
0	0	0	A group of people standing in front of a crowd of people.	The entire post of the tent is seen on the far right side of the image for the first time. 
0	0	0	A woman sitting on a chair in front of a crowd of people.	The woman in the foreground chin is right above the nose of the young woman sitting on the right in the front row.
0	0	0	A chocolate cookie sitting on a plate on a table.	The cookie is on a green table.
0	0	0	A cookie is sitting on top of a bowl.	A single cookie with a pecan on top in the center of the image.
0	0	0	A bunch of cookies on a plate on a table.	Four, maybe five cookies stacked on a black plate with six points and a yellow edge.
0	0	0	A little boy is standing next to a white teddy bear.	The paw print on the boy's hat is completely visible, but the badge outline is not.  
0	0	0	A child is playing with a toy dog on a table.	The green hat on the boy is just starting to cover up the red hat of the dog in the box. 
0	0	0	A person is using a computer to make a painting.	The pink circle with white text in the lower left corner is just starting to block the left hand that is flat on the table. 
0	0	0	A couple of people cutting flowers on a table.	The pink circle that has white text is blocking a good portion of the left hand that is on the table.  The other hand's fingers are still touching the left arm. 
0	0	0	A woman is cutting flowers on a white cake.	The left hand is under a red circle with writing on it. The right hand is hovering over the elbow area of the left arm.
0	0	0	A hand holding a large piece of food on a plate.	A person holding a crab leg with only their left hand and no other visible hands.
0	0	0	A person is holding a large carrot on a plate.	All you can see is the two hands holding onto the crab leg. The thumbs are almost touching each other on top of the crab leg. The picture is clear.
0	0	0	A person holding a large piece of fish on a plate.	Two hands are pulling crab legs a part the right hand is peeling part of the shell back. A person in a blue shirt is being reflected the face is barely visible.
0	0	0	A group of people standing in a living room.	The character that is gray on the far left side is just touching the left edge of the image. There are no double images. 
0	0	0	A man and woman in a wedding dress talking to each other.	A blurry woman in the foreground has the very back of her hair slightly off frame
0	0	0	A group of people walking in a grassy area.	A woman is crossing in front of the picture with a ponytail.  The ponytail is blocking the bride's face. 
0	0	0	A man holding a bowl of food in front of him.	The spoon is in the frosting. You can just see some purple writing to the left of his head but it's pretty faded.
0	0	0	A man that is holding a bottle of beer.	The big spoon is touching the rim of the ice cream container. There is no overlay.
0	0	0	Two men standing in front of a refrigerator.	You can see the tongue of the man in gray.
0	0	0	A woman jumping into the air to catch a leg.	The girl is facing right with her right arm fully extended and angled slightly backward and her left arm out straight in front of her at shoulder level. 
0	0	0	A person is using a toy motorcycle.	Two thumbs on egg, no blur, bottom right blue dial has just started to be covered
0	0	0	A woman looking at a plate of food on a grill.	The barbecue lid is mostly open with the woman's hand holding the handle. She is standing straight up while looking at the meat on the grill. The strand of hair on her face is just to the left of her mouth, not over it. 
0	0	0	A woman looking at a plate of food on a grill.	A woman is standing sideways with the left arm on a fully open grill as she looks at the food item on the grill.
0	0	0	A man is standing on top of a stone steps.	The dog is no longer blocking any of the person's feet but the dog is still pretty close. The image is pretty clear with no blur
0	0	0	A woman in a kitchen preparing food in a bowl.	The woman is staring down to her left. Her left arm is outstretched to the left and holding onto a glass. Her right hand has all of the fingers almost perfectly symmetrically spread apart.
0	0	0	A woman in a kitchen preparing food on a table.	A woman has left hand around glass bowl that is tipped on counter forward.
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a table filled with food.	She is holding a small glass jar with one hand. She is looking down with mouth open. Her other hand is reaching for a utensil. 
0	0	0	a close up of a white dog on a white screen.	The tip of a finger is visible on the object in the top right corner while the other hand no fingers are visible
0	0	0	A person holding a handheld device in front of a camera.	The finger on the hand is covering up the numbers on the upper right part of the screen.  It is pointed right at the screen and not at at the black border. 
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a crowd of people.	The man in the lower right corner has completed his turn to look down the aisle.  He is looking directly at the woman walking down the aisle. 
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a crowd of people.	The bridesmaid is near the back. The female photographer standing at the back left is to the left of the tripod and has head completely turned to the back.
0	0	0	A herd of sheep grazing in a field.	Three sheep are in the foreground of an image with many more sheep visible in the distance
0	0	0	A herd of sheep standing in a grassy field.	There are seven sheep in the picture.  Six of them are facing the picture. 
0	0	0	A herd of sheep walking together in a field.	Large group of sheep moving to the left of the image.
0	0	0	A person is fishing underwater in the water.	The tentacle on the octopus in the foreground is very large and stretches from the bottom of the image to nearly the right side. 
0	0	0	A table with lots of food on it.	The pink item on the counter is fully visible.
0	0	0	A table topped with a plate of food on top of a table.	One full hand and three fingers from the other hand are visible on the woman on the right
0	0	0	A person using a blender to make a sauce.	The liquid in the white spoon is being poured into the pot and you can see a lot of the liquid.  The spoon is tipped away from the camera. 
0	0	0	A person is using a metal pot to cook vegetables.	The spoon is in front of a green area. The spoon is empty, nothing is coming out of it.
0	0	0	A person in a kitchen utensil is using a food processor.	The thumb on the hand holding the towel is right above the brim of the pot. It is not touching the brim, there is a littl espace.
0	0	0	a close up of a cake with a child on top of it.	The ring finger of the person and the pinky is touching the brown circle on the table. 
0	0	0	A photo of a cartoon bear with a bee on his head.	The dog's eyes are at the very top, no people's arms are visible.
0	0	0	A picture of a teddy bear sitting next to a teddy bear.	You can see the very side of the red dog's eye on the right side of the image. No blue in the eye can be seen. 
0	0	0	A picture of a man with a teddy bear on top of him.	You can see quite a bit of the eye of the red dog in the right side of the image.  You can see some of the blue of that dog's eye. 
0	0	0	Three men standing next to each other on a sidewalk.	Three men in suits are smiling in front of a column in the background, with a curly haired one with glasses in the middle
0	0	0	Three men standing next to each other in a room.	There are three men and the two on the left have white shirts on and the one on the right has a grey shirt on
0	0	0	A couple of men standing next to each other.	Three friends standing outside by waterfall and pond.
0	0	0	A picture of a child standing next to a cartoon character.	The girl in the pink dress's head is blurry as she begins to jump up in the background
0	0	0	A picture of a girl and a doll standing next to each other.	The girl in the back with the purple dress is in the air. She has her hands behind her back and is looking up and to the right.  There is a letter right next to one of the eyes of the girl in red. 
0	0	0	A person cutting up a piece of food on a cutting board.	The persons fist is clenched on the top left and appears to be slightly blurry.
0	0	0	A blurry image of a person holding a banana.	You can see most of the person's curled hand and forearm, with bigger gaps at the top of their hand and arm
0	0	0	A plate of food sitting on top of a table.	A single copper cup on a wooden table with no coaster with a black straw sticking out of it.  There is a lot in the background but it is out of focus. 
0	0	0	a close up of a glass of wine on a table.	A close up of the right 2/3 of a frozen drink.  There is a candle lit to the right of the drink on the table. 
0	0	0	A glass of orange juice sitting on top of a table.	A traditional looking drink glass with peaches in the background.
0	0	0	A man pouring some food into a basket.	The man is extending his arm, holding a orange ball while his other hand is on the spoon.
0	0	0	A person is pouring some food into a vase.	The person puts a small brown object completely on the table. 
0	0	0	A person is cooking some food on a plate.	The person removes their hand from the object that was put on the table. 
0	0	0	A dog standing next to a person's hair.	Three blurry fingers can be seen petting the animal
0	0	0	A man standing on top of a rock near a waterfall.	Man is bent over, right foot is facing 90 degrees right, blocking his left foot.
0	0	0	A man standing in a park holding a frisbee.	The man is reaching back toward the camera.  He is looking at the camera and slightly smiling. 
0	0	0	A white light tower with a lighthouse next to it.	a fully white lighthouse
0	0	0	A very tall tower with a clock on top of it.	A white and red circular lighthouse is seen.  The house where the light is kept is seen at the top. 
0	0	0	A red and white fire hydrant sits on top of a tower.	A rusty and flaking lighthouse.  The lighthouse is circular and the large glass dome at the top is easily seen. 
0	0	0	A group of people standing around a picnic table.	Both of the woman's arms who has blue on are bent far back behind her body at 90 degree angles and her left hand is on her hip. 
0	0	0	A person sitting on top of a pile of bananas.	A man sitting on a small stool looking to the right with many pineapples on the ground in the center bottom of the image. 
0	0	0	A man standing next to a bunch of bananas.	There is a man in a plaid shirt with a piece of fruit in his hands on the right side of the image.  A few other people are seen behind him. Lots of fruit is in front of the man. 
0	0	0	A man standing next to a bunch of bananas.	A man in a blue shirt is standing by a coconut and banana stand.
0	0	0	a close up of a metal cupboard with wires.	An image of some unfamiliar machinery that looks like four small wheels on the bottom connected by a gold strip.
0	0	0	a close up of a fire hydrant on a table.	A close up of a drill with a 3 letter word on its left. 
0	0	0	The inside of a metal machine with a metal handle.	A picture of a part of a machine.  There are three gold rods going to the left of the image and several grey rods going to the right of the image. 
0	0	0	A man and woman standing next to each other in front of a building.	the woman has her left eye blocked partially by a white pole
0	0	0	A man and a woman standing next to each other.	Woman looks like she has a hook entering her mouth.
0	0	0	A doll that is standing in front of a fire hydrant.	Four floating letters are visible around the red truck.
0	0	0	A picture of a red wagon with a doll's head on it.	There are seven letters scattered in the picture. 
0	0	0	A close up of a clock sitting on a table.	A close up of a clock that you can't see the whole thing.  The time appears to be 12:05 and 17 seconds. 
0	0	0	A large clock sitting on top of a wall.	A circular bronze clock with roman numerals.  The time is 4:20. 
0	0	0	A clock is displayed on a wall in a room.	A round clock in a white plastic frame. It is almost 11 o'clock.
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a table with a tray full of food.	A picture of a man sitting in front of some food with his head bent to the left.  The woman has just completely disappeared from the shot. 
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a computer screen.	A picture of a cartoon man standing upright.  His hands are both near his side. 
0	0	0	A man standing in a room with a hat on his head.	The person's head isn't visible above his ears, roughly
0	0	0	A man standing in a kitchen with a cabinet full of pots and pans.	All of the teapots on the shelves at the bottom are visible but just barely. You don't see any of the man's eyes. 
0	0	0	A man standing in a store with a hat on his head.	You can just barely see the corner of the man's right eye as he turns to face the camera. 
0	0	0	A woman holding an umbrella in front of a table.	The girl is holding the paper and briefcase with only her chin showing. You can't see her glasses.
0	0	0	A little boy standing next to a baseball bat.	The corner of the red star shaped balloon is just barely seen at the top of the image. 
0	0	0	A little boy and a little girl standing next to a birthday cake.	Most of the square shaped balloon is still seen at the top right corner of the image.  Only a small part of it is off the top edge. 
0	0	0	A man laying on the ground in the middle of the street.	A man in laying on the ground, only the foot and lower leg of the other person is visible.
0	0	0	A black and white photo of a building with a clock tower.	A black and white picture of a house with 3 windows on teh closer building and 4 on the further, and a tower on the further building extending off frame
0	0	0	A group of people standing outside of a building.	Old passenger type automobile.
0	0	0	A black and white photo of a house.	A fire hydrant to right of house with a man in stride to left
0	0	0	Two people are sitting on top of a bicycle.	Two lady bugs facing toward the bottom of the picture on a triangular green leaf with fuzzy white edges.
0	0	0	A small bird sitting on top of a tree.	A red bug with white circular dots on its body and it is facing down and to the left. The leaves it is on are very hairy. 
0	0	0	A close up of a small bird sitting on top of a grassy field.	Two red bugs with white dots.   The one on the right is on top of the one on the left. 
0	0	0	A man sitting on the side of the road with a broken leg.	A truckbed with hoses and cables can be seen. There's no hand in the image, and part of the back truck gate is visible, as well as a smaller portion of the road above the truckbed.
0	0	0	A couple of wires sitting next to each other.	There are a bunch of wires. A hand is reaching in from the right and just the fingers are visible.
0	0	0	A woman holding a placard in front of a podium.	You will see a player with his arm bent inside the circle with the ball close to the top of his head.
0	0	0	A man is standing in front of a TV.	A ball is positioned near the top left portion of a ring in the middle of the image above a man's head.
0	0	0	A picture of a person standing next to a racetrack.	A ball is going through the hoop and is almost touching the top of the ring.
0	0	0	A dog is standing next to a bunch of sheep.	There is a white and brown alpaca who is coming in at the bottom left corner of the image. There is a blade of a plant that is just blocking the base of its right ear and the left ear is fully visible.  
0	0	0	A group of dogs standing in a grassy area.	The leaf is just barely touching the back of the head of the animal in the bottom left corner.
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a house on a sunny day.	Guy on the right facing the left, walking toward house. His mouth is open as if he's talking. Back of his head is very close to right edge but not touching
0	0	0	A man on a basketball court with a fan on the other side of the court.	The black man is very blurry but still entirely on frame
0	0	0	A group of kids playing frisbee in a park.	Man in yellow left hand is up over is chin.
0	0	0	A dog standing in a grassy field next to a tree.	the front of a deer is poised between two tree branches in the foreground
0	0	0	A couple of deer standing in the middle of a field.	A male deer stands tall while two female deer graze behind him.
0	0	0	a close up of a giraffe in a forest.	The deer is looking towards the right side of the picture. The shade from the sun makes it hard to see the deer's eye clearly.
0	0	0	A close up of a kitchen utensil with a carrot on top of it.	The bottle on the sink is picked up by the man. 
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a bowl with a knife.	Both of the man's hand are visible. There is a spoon, pink spatula, and wire whisk on the table.  
0	0	0	A close up of a person riding a motor vehicle.	shows the logo on the center of the steering wheel in the bottom right and two of the panels of information behind it
0	0	0	A blurry image of a man with a bag on his head.	this pic is extremely blurry and there's a big thick grey object in the center of the pic
0	0	0	A large courtyard with a castle in the background.	a castle with a hedge wall in front of it and two flags, the right of which is mostly yellow
0	0	0	A tall building with a clock tower in the middle of it.	Castle seemingly surrounded by water.
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a camera lens.	The only shot where there no overlay.  The only picture is of a person looking into a camera. 
0	0	0	A man taking a picture of a camera.	The largest image has a man with a camera over one eye. You can see his forehead. A collage of other images is coming down from the top.
0	0	0	A wooden cabinet sitting in a room.	A 4 layer bureau sitting on a raised wooden platform
0	0	0	A wooden box with a cabinet on top of it.	Three drawers in rectangular chest of drawers, having a center large key hole, as if for locking. Two knobs seen on each of the three drawers.
0	0	0	A wooden cabinet with a clock on it.	An ornate dresser that is taller than it is wide. It has 3 side by side drawers in the top row. 
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a crowd of people.	The post looks like it's coming out of her right shoulder with just the tiniest bit of green visible between it and her hair.
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a crowd of people.	The bridesmaid has walked past the camera tripod and the bottom of her right foot is seen. 
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a crowd of people.	The woman in blue walking down the aisle is roughly even with a black object on the ground on the right side of the aisle.  Both of her feet are completely on the ground. 
0	0	0	A man talking to a group of people outside.	The balding man is shaking a person's hand, but it is blocked by the man in grey.
0	0	0	A group of men standing in front of a fence.	The man who is standing on the far right is shaking another man's hand.  The person who is standing on the far left has his hand on his hip. 
0	0	0	A bouquet of colorful flowers sitting on top of a fence.	A close up shot of several types of flowers surrounded and ridged metal object in the middle.  Other leaves hang down from off frame
0	0	0	A large vase filled with colorful flowers.	Huge bouquet of pink, purple and red flowers in center, green leaves sprouting from top
0	0	0	A bunch of flowers are on display at a flower shop.	Rows of flowers with bunches of bright purple in the center and bright yellow on the top left and top right.
0	0	0	A table with a bunch of kids at a table.	The dalmation like costumed character has their left arm lifted and the end of their nose is obscured by their left white hand.
0	0	0	A table full of children at a birthday party.	The dalmations left arm is swinging down in front of its jacket. The child in orange is making a fist with his left hand.
0	0	0	A person holding a slice of green vegetables in their hands.	The two pieces of lettuce are held as if they form a V.
0	0	0	A person holding a banana on top of a table.	Both hands have only leaf of lettuce in them. Three fingertips are seen under the left leaf.
0	0	0	A herd of sheep standing in the snow.	sheep in the snow
0	0	0	A herd of cows standing on top of a dirt field.	There are a lot of cows in a picture that has no grass or snow in it. 
0	0	0	A herd of cattle standing in the snow.	There is snow, cows in the background and a mule looking to its left in the center.
0	0	0	A person cutting up a piece of food on a cutting board.	The person is holding a knife with one hand and a crab claw in the other.  The person is bringing the knife up off of the claw for another try. 
0	0	0	a close up of a person holding a flower in his hand.	The view has just changed to an arm that is visible but no fingers are seen.  
0	0	0	A table with a bunch of doughnuts in front of a box.	You can only see one foot of the woman on the ground on the left hand side of the picture. 
0	0	0	A table with a box of doughnuts on it.	Just a picture of a box with sweets. The bottom corner is cut off. Part of the letter "H" is cut off. 
0	0	0	A box of doughnuts shaped like a heart shaped heart shaped heart shaped heart shaped heart shaped heart shaped heart shaped heart shaped heart shaped heart shaped heart shaped heart shaped heart shaped heart shaped heart shaped heart shaped heart shaped heart shaped heart shaped heart shaped heart shaped heart shaped heart shaped heart shaped heart shaped heart shaped heart shaped heart shaped heart shaped heart	The food is looked down on from above. There is no human in the frame. Most of the words and numbers in the box is visible except the very last one.
0	0	0	A close up of a woman's hair with a cell phone.	Four fingers can clearly be seen on her right hand.  Only her pointer fingernail can be seen. The other hand is not present. 
0	0	0	A close up of a woman holding a cell phone.	Four fingers and all four red fingernails can be seen.  The other hand is not present. No eyes or ears are seen. 
0	0	0	A close up of a woman holding a cell phone.	You can see one painted fingernail on one finger of the left hand, but no more of that hand.
0	0	0	A knife that is laying on top of a cutting board.	The very tip of the knife is covered by the fish.  No fingers at all can be seen. 
0	0	0	A table that has a lot of food on it.	The knife is cutting into the meat with just one thumb's nail visible, the other finger's nail is not.
0	0	0	A cutting board with a bunch of meat on it.	The knife is at the bottom of the cut, inside the hole.  The person entire index finger and part of the thumb is at the top left.
0	0	0	A man is playing with a Frisbee on a field.	One person visible only, and he is standing at the far left.
0	0	0	A man standing on top of a field with a Frisbee.	A man in yellow shoes is standing facing right with both hands out in front of him.
0	0	0	A couple of vehicles on a road next to each other.	An SUV is driving on the left side with a truck driving the opposite way toward the viewer. Most of the truck's front grill can be seen, but the left front light is cut off.
0	0	0	A man riding a bicycle on a city street.	The SUV is right along side of the yellow and red truck.  You can still barely see the cab of the truck. 
0	0	0	A man in a shirt and tie standing in a dark room.	A man with a black shirt on.  His eyes are wide open in a very surprised look.  His mouth is slightly open and you can see a couple of top teeth. 
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a statue of a man.	A man with glasses in a cave.  There is a light over his head. 
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a refrigerator.	He is wearing glasses and a brown shirt. The background is dark with tiny lights going across the top.
0	0	0	A man standing on top of a stage with a microphone.	The person has their arms bent over their head, slightly touching their hair with open hands.
0	0	0	A man standing on top of a stage in front of a stage.	The performer is standing with his arms straight down near his sides.
0	0	0	A black and white photo of a black and white computer.	Side view of a mouse with white side buttons and white outline on the bottom.
0	0	0	A black and white computer mouse sitting on top of a snow covered surface.	Black object with silver stripes sits perpendicular to the camera. There is a cord extending from the right side.
0	0	0	A person cutting a slice of cake on a plate.	The thumb on the right hand is tucked under the palm. The thumb of the left hand is hovering over the white plate.
0	0	0	a close up of a person with a pair of scissors.	The top hand has a thumb that is clearly visible and one other finger.  The rest of the fingers are off the top of the image or behind the strap. All of the fingers on the top hand are in back of the strap. 
0	0	0	a close up of a person cutting a piece of fabric.	The top hand has just made a move downward.  The thumb on the right hand appears to be touching the metal piece on the belt.
0	0	0	A group of people playing a game of kites.	A crowd in the middle of the image is touching a giant ball with outstretched hands
0	0	0	A group of people playing a game of frisbee.	Girl in red dress is slightly off center to the left underneath the balloon, top of balloon is yellow, bottom is blue
0	0	0	A group of people playing with a Frisbee.	The beach ball is in the air and you can see all 3 colors on the ball.  You can see text on the side of the ball and it is pointing directly to the right side of the picture. 
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a white wall.	A close up of two men, the woman behind them has her mouth closed.
0	0	0	A man in a white tuxedo with a white belt.	You can see the entire black rectangle with text on the man with the white shirt for the first time. 
0	0	0	A close up of a person holding a hair brush.	The white part of the horse harness looks like half a sky cloud at the top right, not at the corner.
0	0	0	A close up of a man with a pair of scissors on his head.	The white tag in the ear of the animal has just disappeared off the top of the image. 
0	0	0	A woman is playing with a frisbee in the grass.	a girl squats next to a dog with the very top of her head not visible
0	0	0	A girl playing Frisbee with a dog in the grass.	The tip of the girl's hair is almost touching the dogs shoulder but there is a slight space in between.
0	0	0	A man drinking from a glass of water.	his head is fully bent to the back while his face is up while taking the shut
0	0	0	A man in a white shirt and tie standing next to a water bottle.	The man has the small glass raised to his mouth. His face is facing to the left side of the image. He is not drinking it and has his mouth and eyes closed.
0	0	0	A young man holding a guitar in front of a microphone.	A man singing into a microphone with both hands on the microphone.  He is looking to the right and has two start tattoos on his right arm. 
0	0	0	A man holding a guitar on a stage.	A man playing guitar.  He has a dark blue shirt on and is looking upward with eyes closed. 
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a microphone and a guitar.	A singer/guitarist standing with a striped blue tank top and pink rimmed sunglasses.
0	0	0	A woman holding a baby bag on top of a bed.	The woman on the right looks forward. The girl holding the present has the present level and is sitting level as well.
0	0	0	A white sheet of straw flying through the air.	You can still just see the dark surface the pink object is resting on as the image moves upward. 
0	0	0	A white sheet of straw with smoke coming out of it.	You can still see a lot of the pink object on the right but you can't see the dark surface that it is resting on. 
0	0	0	There is a large amount of water in the air.	The dress's white swirls take up the whole middle of the picture. There is only a tiny bit of pink visible in the bottom right corner.
0	0	0	A couple of items that are on a bed.	The pink thing is fully visible and there is a white oval in the corner that is fully visible.
0	0	0	A man sitting on top of a bike in a room.	The blurry grey object takes up the top right hand corner of the screen
0	0	0	A close up of a man with a pair of binoculars.	The black wheel is right in the middle on the top edge of the picture. 
0	0	0	A person cutting up a piece of food on a table.	a blurry photo of a person cutting a cake with most of her arms visible
0	0	0	A person cutting into a cake with a knife.	Two arms are visible with hardly any blurring. The left hand is palm up, holding something. The right hand is holding a knife. The right hand is obscured by white paper.
0	0	0	A person holding a piece of onion on top of a wooden cutting board.	A person has their hand on an onion and you can see all of their fingers besides their thumb.
0	0	0	A person holding a piece of bacon on top of a wooden cutting board.	The onion is unsliced and the knife is off to the side away from the fingers.
0	0	0	A person is cutting up a piece of onion on a cutting board.	The knife is most centrally placed to insert into the onion without having fully cut deeply into it yet.
0	0	0	Two men standing next to each other in a room.	The man in white's entire head can be seen and his mouth is open while talking to the man beside him. 
0	0	0	Two men standing next to each other in a room.	Two men are facing each other. Man on left has a confused look. Both of their mouths are closed. Man on left looks like they have their eyes closed or barely opened.
0	0	0	A man is standing in front of a door.	The very bottom of the fire extinguisher on the floor is cut off on the bottom of the image. You can see the entire yellow tag on the fire extinguisher. 
0	0	0	A view of a building with lots of windows.	A storefront with a brightly colored mural to the right.
0	0	0	A group of people walking down the stairs of a building.	Some stairs are seen on the right.  An exit is seen with one person in front of the exit. 
0	0	0	A picture of a man with a Coke in his mouth.	Darkest shadow over the guy's face in the middle. The side brown doors are closest together. 
0	0	0	A row of books on a shelf next to each other.	In the darker oval at the bottom you can see the two words in white clearly but you don't see the entire darker oval. 
0	0	0	A book that is sitting on top of a rack.	There is one finger visible on each side of the paper. Only the very top of the green design at the bottom of the paper is showing, none of the white at the bottom is showing.
0	0	0	A man walking down the street with a fire extinguisher.	A white truck with shadows covering its brake lights
0	0	0	A traffic light on the side of a city street.	There is no shadow on the truck at all. You can fully see the light post on the far left hand side of the screen. 
0	0	0	A couple of horses walking through a parking lot.	A far away shot of the man in a suit shows him just about to be blocked by the car but still fully visible
0	0	0	A couple of people walking down the street.	Very distant shot. The legs of the man holding the briefcase are visible. His legs are together, he is standing still.
0	0	0	A couple of people standing in front of a car.	You can barely see the car on the right's right headlight in the lower left hand corner of the picture. You can see the entire licence plate of the car in the middle. 
0	0	0	A person is swimming in the water.	A body with drak swim trunks and and a dark head is floating in a pool. You can see the whole body.
0	0	0	A couple of people swimming in a body of water.	The person is swimming toward the upper right, and their head is lit with a pinkish glow while their torso is dark.
0	0	0	A row of toothbrushes sitting on top of a table.	5  blue bubbles are fully visible and a 6th one is mostly off frame in the bottom right
0	0	0	A group of lights that are in the air.	Jelly fish that are a shade of purplish blue on an almost black background.
0	0	0	A view of a group of jellyfish floating in the air.	Purple jellyfish like things float in blackness.
0	0	0	a close up of a person on a boat in the water.	You can just start to see the diver's goggles on the far right side of the image. Only one hand and arm can be seen. 
0	0	0	A couple of people on a boat in the water.	You can just start to see the man's left hand come into the image in the lower right corner. 
0	0	0	A person is underwater in the water.	The person's left hand and wrist are visible at the bottom right, but it has not touch the octopus tentacle.
0	0	0	A close up of a dog swimming in the water.	The dog's right ear is just barely touching the right side of the image.
0	0	0	A woman is standing in a room with a pair of shorts on.	Nearly the entire body of the woman is seen with only the bottom of her feet off the bottom of the image.  Her hands are out to her sides
0	0	0	A woman standing in a room holding a tennis racket.	The entire body of the woman in pink is seen.  She has her hands up over her head. 
0	0	0	A woman standing in a room holding a tennis racket.	The woman's arm look like smoke coming from a fire due to the blurring effect.
0	0	0	A man standing next to a woman in a room.	The head of the bald man is visible but not his body. You cannot see the man on the left's face, just a bit of his beard. 
0	0	0	A man in a suit and tie standing in a room.	The man's face is cut off at his nose and there is a man's face showing one eye, his forehead and hair.
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a table filled with food.	A woman is holding a gift in her right hand only.  Her eyes are mostly closed and she is looking up.  Her mouth is also mostly closed
0	0	0	A woman holding a cake in front of a refrigerator.	A woman is holding a gift in her right hand but her left hand has just started touching the gift.  She is smiling with teeth visible.  Her eyes are mostly closed. 
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a table filled with food.	She is holding the box directly in front of her, she is looking up and her mouth is closed.
0	0	0	A group of people standing next to each other.	A woman in a blue patterned shirt looking forward with three men looking at her.
0	0	0	A pan filled with chopped onions and onions on a cutting board.	A tiny tip of the spoon can be seen between the thumb and part of another finger.
0	0	0	a close up of some kind of food being cut into pieces.	The spoon is not present.  You can clearly see the person's thumb and another finger but only one fingernail is seen. 
0	0	0	A bird sitting on top of a tall tree.	It's very dark outside and you can see the outline and the eyes of an owl in a tree. 
0	0	0	A bird sitting on top of a tree branch.	The only picture of a hawk.  It is looking to the left.  You see lots of branches and darker blue sky. 
0	0	0	A person holding a bowl of greens and sausages.	The tongs are being held by the left middle of the bowl
0	0	0	A bowl filled with green vegetables on a table.	Womens ring is visible with two nails pointing down and tongs towards right of plate.
0	0	0	A group of people walking together on a beach.	His arms are bent at the elbows and reaching toward the left side of the picture. His face looks scared or like he's crying.
0	0	0	A group of people standing in front of a school bus.	The yellow shirt person's teeth are gritted and just a small sliver of their red pants is visible. The left elbow is bent back about 90 degrees.
0	0	0	A person riding a skateboard down a driveway.	You can still barely see the right rear taillight of the car on the left.  Only one wheel of the red car on the right is seen. 
0	0	0	A man riding a skateboard down a driveway.	The taillight on the car on the left is no longer visible.  There is a large glare visible on the car on the left. 
0	0	0	A person cooking a hot dog on a grill.	The brush is being held almost directly centered above the meat. It is just barely or not quite touching the meat.
0	0	0	A couple of people standing in front of a yard.	About 3/4 of the person's hat is visible as well as their hands and most of their arms
0	0	0	A backyard view of a house with a backyard fence.	you can see a hand on the left side with its four fingers and there are two arms waving and with a bit of green hand white at visible in between.
0	0	0	A young boy is holding a video game controller.	The child is looking down at the present and slightly to the left in this slightly blurry pic
0	0	0	A young boy with a hat and a bag on his head.	The boy is looking down at his package blurry and only a sliver of the second black stripe on his hat is showing on the right side of the image.
0	0	0	A person is holding a refrigerator full of food.	The blue and gold bottle oval is partially visible and hand is between both white and red bottle and blue 
0	0	0	A woman sitting on top of a blue wall.	A woman is pictured and her head is on the left side of an opening in the tent behind her.  Her teeth are together in kind of a grimace. 
0	0	0	A woman sitting on the back of a blue boat.	The woman's eyes are mostly closed but you can just see a tiny bit of her left eye. 
0	0	0	A woman sitting in the back of a wagon.	The right profile of the women's dace is shown with her eyes open.
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a table filled with food.	A woman is holding a silver bowl in her left hand, while her right hand is in front of her collarbone, and she is looking at something very intensely.
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a stove cooking food.	The woman is holding the metal bowl directly in front of her apron.
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a stove cooking food.	The woman is holding the silver bowl right in front of the stand mixer with her mouth open, as she goes to place it on the stand.
0	0	0	A plate of food with a salad on it.	The dressing has just been drizzled over the salad. The empty spoon covered in residual dressing is hovering over the salad.
0	0	0	A person holding a slice of bread on top of a plate.	There is a spoon full of white liquid being held over a bowl  of salad
0	0	0	A hotel room with a bed and a chair.	A bed with red pillows, a yellow sheet and two folded towels on it
0	0	0	A bedroom with a bed and a table and chairs.	There is a green wardrobe to the left side of the room, next ti it is a dresser with a TV on it. The bed has an ornate patterned pink and off-white cover. There is a pink and gold lamp on the side table next to the bed. 
0	0	0	A living room filled with furniture and a couch.	There is a set of red sofa furniture in distance with two greenish chairs close with a black chair facing them.
0	0	0	A bicycle on a sidewalk next to a wheelbarrow.	There is still a tiny green bit of grass in the lower left corner of the image. 
0	0	0	A bicycle that is attached to a wheelbarrow.	The grass area in the lower left corner has disappeared.  You can just start to see both of the licence plates on the cars. 
0	0	0	A couple of people standing in a living room.	A woman has partially opened the door in the process of walking in
0	0	0	A couple of people standing in a kitchen.	Woman has the door half way open and has not yet stepped into the room. You can see a camera in her hand.
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a computer screen.	There is a bright patch of snow that is next to the right shoulder of the black character in the upper center part of the image. 
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a computer screen.	There is a small white plus sign that is over the head of the black character. 
0	0	0	A woman holding a frisbee near a waterfall.	The woman's face is slightly blurry and in profile. You can see part of her nose and eye, but not her mouth. 
0	0	0	A group of people standing next to a waterfall.	The woman's face is blurry and has her eyes closed. She's turning her head towards the camera but is not looking at it yet.
0	0	0	A person is standing next to a trash can.	Only a little bit of the table like object that was seen that has a green base is seen in the very lower left corner of the image. 
0	0	0	A couple of animals standing next to each other on a floor.	The table like object that has a green base is gone from the image.  A tree with little purple flowers is seen on the far left of the image. 
0	0	0	A white room with a white refrigerator in it.	white cabinetry sits to the left of an open doorframe with a wooden slotted door
0	0	0	A white refrigerator in a kitchen next to a window.	A dingy yellow refrigerator/freezer is seen with some light reflecting off of it. 
0	0	0	A white refrigerator is standing in a kitchen.	A stainless steel refrigerator is seen with the left door open and a light on the inside. 
0	0	0	A man standing in the middle of a room.	You can barely see the orange object on the far left hand side of the picture.  The man's left hand is slightly behind his body. 
0	0	0	A man holding a tray of food in front of a kitchen.	You can just barely see the bottom of the nose of the man at the top
0	0	0	A man standing in a kitchen preparing food.	The plate the person is holding is just starting to be in front of the door, covering just the weatherstrip.
0	0	0	A man is holding a camera in his hand.	The very front circular part of the camera has just dropped off the bottom left corner of the image.  
0	0	0	A man in a suit and tie standing in front of a crowd.	The man in the front has just started raising the the camera back up to his eyes from it being at the lowest point. 
0	0	0	A man holding a camera in his hand.	The camera is a little less than half way up the image. You can see another camera being held right behind it.
0	0	0	A dog is holding a frisbee in front of a dog.	The brown character can be fully seen for the first time.  It is dragging something in its hands but not much of it is on the screen yet. 
0	0	0	A dog that is standing in the middle of a field.	A bit of red can be seen of the object the brown character is dragging onto the screen.  
0	0	0	A basketball player sitting on top of a basketball court.	The player is holding the ball with this left hand and his right hand is hovering closely on top of it.
0	0	0	A basketball player sitting on a court with a basketball.	A person holds the ball ready for a serve and the right hand hand is level with the words on his jersey. 
0	0	0	A person standing next to a basketball court.	The person is holding the ball in their left hand and their right arm is at shoulder height. 
0	0	0	A restaurant with tables and chairs in front of a patio.	Two letters on a red sign can be seen in the upper right corner of the image. 
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a fire hydrant.	Two of the flags on the upper left hand corner of the image have just started to get cut off by the top of the picture. 
0	0	0	A truck is parked outside of a restaurant.	Only the left angled support is visible on the far right support post.
0	0	0	A group of people standing in front of a police officer.	blur image while the officer tries to take out his gun from the pouch
0	0	0	A group of people standing in front of a pool.	officer has gun pointed downward
0	0	0	A group of people standing in front of a fence.	A man in a tan shirt is visible on the left, but not his right arm. The rightmost part of the white text is on the police officer's hair.
0	0	0	A close up of a person sitting on a chair.	the grey objects are angled slightly to the right and no hand is visible
0	0	0	a close up of a person sitting down in a seat.	Four fingers are visible, including their fingernails. They're angled towards the left. Only a tiny tip of the right finger is visible.
0	0	0	A person holding a seat next to another person on a bus.	Four fingers are visible, the nail of the pinky is fully visible.
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a man who is riding a bike.	She's sitting behind him holding his shoulders. The woman in orange is not visible.
0	0	0	A woman riding a bicycle next to a man.	The woman on the back of the bike has just moved her hands down to the sides of the man in front. 
0	0	0	A person riding a bicycle in a room.	The woman in the back has her hands sort of on the side and sort of on the back of the person on the front of the bike.  Her left hand is in a claw shape. 
0	0	0	A person is holding a camera up to their head.	You can see his whole face.  His elbow is high up into the air and you can see his fist clearly. 
0	0	0	A person jumping up and down in the air.	The man's face is visible but very blurry.  He is punching downward but you can't see any of his elbow because it is blocked by his fist.  His fist is visible but blurry. 
0	0	0	A boy is holding a skateboard in his hand.	The guy is punching down. The hand is super blurry and positioned at the bottom left of the picture. It is not cut off by the picture but is super blurry 
0	0	0	A man holding a cell phone in his hand.	the finger can be seen placed right on the inscription under the blue virus image and the pictures are clearly visible with an owl image under the finger
0	0	0	A person holding a cell phone in their hand.	his finger is over the owls face and the owls face is blurry
0	0	0	A person is holding a cell phone in their hand.	there is a go app icon very clearly on the screen and he is pointing at app with an owl icon
0	0	0	A pile of fruit on top of a wooden table.	A picture of some fruit with a green railing in front of them. 
0	0	0	A fruit stand filled with oranges and bananas.	An image of many oranges stacked up in the foreground with a small black sign sticking out of them. 
0	0	0	A display of apples and oranges in a market.	A display of apples for sale.  There are four types: green, red, yellowish brown, and pinkish red.
0	0	0	A pair of shoes sitting on top of a shoe.	A black low top shoe with black laces which is pointing to the right. 
0	0	0	A black and white photo of a person sitting on a skateboard.	A grey and black shoe with a letter of text on the side.  The laces are also grey. 
0	0	0	A pair of shoes sitting on top of a shoe.	The shoe has a country flag on the design.
0	0	0	A couple of men standing next to each other.	The man in purple has his hand up near his face while the one on the right also has his hand near his face. 
0	0	0	A group of men standing next to each other.	The man in the purple shirt has his hand hanging down, the man in the pink and black shirt is standing partially behind him with his hand over his chin looking at the man in purple.
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a microphone in front of a stage.	The mic of the woman in the foreground mostly blocks the arm holding it
0	0	0	A woman holding a cell phone in front of a stage.	The red head singer is completely blocking the stripe shirt singer.  She is also covering a small section of the red dress of the other singer.
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a video game machine.	she is in the middle of the second word on the wall alone with left arm back and left leg forward
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a video game controller.	The first two letters of the text on the wall on the right are visible.  The woman is looking to the right. 
0	0	0	Two women standing next to each other in a kitchen.	The older woman holds a fork paralell to a plate below it, roughly level with the neckline of the shirt of the woman to her left
0	0	0	Two women standing next to each other in a kitchen.	The woman on the right is holding a fork near the other person's mouth.  The person on the left has their mouth still closed. 
0	0	0	A couple of women standing next to each other in a kitchen.	The person on the right is just about to put food in the other person's mouth.  The person on the left has their mouth open and just about to eat what is on the fork. 
0	0	0	A person is standing in front of a dog's feet.	The plank has been put down and the man is putting his left foot on top of it but the foot is in the air. 
0	0	0	A person is standing on a wooden floor with a skateboard.	The person is standing straight, not holding anything, up with both feet on the ground. His left foot is fully visible in front of him on the floor.
0	0	0	a close up of a tray filled with carrots and apples.	The word "an" is centered perfect on the white portion of the tray that splits the liquids.
0	0	0	A room full of people working on a machine.	There is equal picture overlay of a room with many people in it and a carriage with some people on it. 
0	0	0	A man riding a horse on a cart.	No second image can be seen. The wagon being pulled has the standing bearded man to the left of the pillar. His entire face is to the left of it.
0	0	0	A close up of a person's hair on a wire.	All but the left side of the image is blocked by an object in the foreground
0	0	0	A man that is standing in front of a row of rows of rows of rows of rows of rows of rows of rows of rows of rows of rows of rows of rows of rows of rows of rows of rows of rows of rows of rows of rows of rows of rows of rows of rows of rows of rows of rows of rows of	Somebody is jumping up in front of a singer.   You can barely see the person's mouth and his left eye is partially blurry and covered. 
0	0	0	A man holding a guitar and riding a skateboard.	The guitarist is looking out at the crowd instead of at his guitar. His face is fully visible but the black part of his guitar is completely obscured.
0	0	0	A man holding a dog in his arms.	The man completely blocks the woman behind him in the frame 
0	0	0	A man walking down a flight of stairs.	the guy walking is blocking the lower right corner of the screen behind him.
0	0	0	A man standing next to a baggage claim.	The guy in the front has his elbow blocking part of the white apron. 
0	0	0	A young girl holding a bottle of water next to a snowboard.	You can read the white text in the red rectangle on the object the boy is holding quite well.  There is no blur or glare on the text at all. 
0	0	0	A young child holding a video game controller.	The boy's left thumb is pointing to our right. He is not looking at the black item in his hand. 
0	0	0	Two men standing next to each other on a beach.	The woman is at left, with a small gap completely separating her and the man in profile.
0	0	0	A couple of men kissing each other on the beach.	Both hands can be seen on woman's head, man is facing to the left with mouth puckered
0	0	0	A view of a kitchen with a table and chairs.	First person shooter game holding a gun out. Looking through a doorway into a mostly yellow room with checkerboard tiles and a blue window. Walls in the hallway where the person is standing are blue
0	0	0	A view of a kitchen with a table and chairs.	theres a red stain splattered on the floor just under the gun barrel
0	0	0	A frying pan with some kind of food in it.	The small bowl with the egg has been poured and only have the bowl is visible. 
0	0	0	A woman in a dress standing in front of a door.	The girl is facing to the right and you can see the side of her face.  Only her right arm is visible. 
0	0	0	A woman is walking down a hallway with a dresser.	The girl is turning to the right so you can only see her right ear.  The side of her face isn't really visible any more. 
0	0	0	A man standing next to a skateboard in a hallway.	The brown and black object is mostly off the screen on the right as the camera faces a white and brown arch
0	0	0	A person holding a skateboard in front of a building.	A big backpack protruding out the bottom right corner. There is no sun shining on the backpack as it is under a shadow. 
0	0	0	A little girl standing next to a dog on the floor.	The boy's left hand has a red object in it and he just starting to raise it off the floor. 
0	0	0	A little boy is playing with a bag of treats.	The boy has a red object in his left hand. He has raised it off the floor and you can't see the very top edge of if off the top of the image. 
0	0	0	A young child sitting on the floor with a bag of toys.	The boy is touching the box of colored pencils but is not actually holding it.
0	0	0	A young girl holding a blue and white cell phone.	Little girl is looking down at dart in her hand and the dart is slightly in the toy gun.
0	0	0	A little boy wearing a colorful hat and a colorful hat.	3 fingers and a black x-striped shape is visible from a hand on the left.
0	0	0	A child holding a colorful pin on his arm.	The girl's hands are flat together and they are fully in the picture.
0	0	0	A little boy wearing a colorful hat and holding a colorful piggy hat.	A child wearing green near someone with a black string around their outstretched middle finger. 
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a park with a pony.	A blurry woman is pursing her lips together and point with her left hand.
0	0	0	A herd of sheep standing next to each other.	A picture of several sheep.  The one closest to the camera has it's mouth open and is looking to the right. 
0	0	0	A flock of sheep standing in a grassy field.	A picture of several sheep.  One of the closer ones to the camera has a blue mark on its back. 
0	0	0	A group of sheep standing in a grassy field.	There's a mixed group of adult and baby sheep. The top half of the image is sky; the sheep and ground take up the bottom half of the image.
0	0	0	A woman sitting on a couch with her phone in her hand.	The woman is looking down and right with her hand in her chin. The girl on the left's hand is visible on top of the present.
0	0	0	A woman sitting on a couch in front of a laptop.	the girl on pink sitting on the floor on the right edge of the image can be seen with only her left finger off the image
0	0	0	A dog standing on top of a fire hydrant.	There is a large explosion in the back.  All of the people are ducking and you can see the tops of the people's heads in the front. 
0	0	0	A group of horses that are standing in the air.	There's an explosion or fire. The men in front are bent at the waist and toppling over. The man on the right in the background is leaning to the right. There isn't a blur.
0	0	0	A photo of a man flying a kite.	There are two fingers visible. 
0	0	0	A photo of a kite flying in the sky.	There is a yellow object in the sky that is pretty close to the camera.  You can't see any fingers of a person. 
0	0	0	a couple of hot dogs on a plate.	The bottom of the thumb can be seen with a little more of the hand shown.
0	0	0	A table with a plate of hot dogs on it.	A shadow from the person's thumb is going right down the center of the left bagel on the plate. 
0	0	0	A man holding a teddy bear on a table.	Two hands are shown but only the sleeve on the right hand. The spotted puppy's eye is almost completely off the screen.
0	0	0	A man is holding a large number of bananas on his hands.	The tip of the sleeve on the left arm is just barely visible.
0	0	0	A painting of a person holding a banana on a wire.	The top of the dog's eyes are just cut off by the top edge.The dog's left eye is cut off just before the brown iris.
0	0	0	A woman sitting next to a child on a cell phone.	The older woman and the younger women have their heads very close together.  The younger woman is smiling and looking down 
0	0	0	A couple of people sitting next to each other on a table.	The women have their heads very close together.  The younger woman is looking over to the left. 
0	0	0	a close up of a person with a cell phone.	The girl in red is in profile and looking up and smiling at the other woman. The woman in black is looking down. You can't see any exposed flesh on her right arm.
0	0	0	a close up of a mixer in a kitchen.	A silver bowl with a bit of cheese in it
0	0	0	A close up of a stainless steel mixer in a kitchen.	The powder at the bottom is clear to see with reflection in pot on back panel with horizontal ridges
0	0	0	A close up of a blender in a kitchen.	There is a silver pan with some sort of seasoning at the bottom.  The image has another image slightly imposed over it.
0	0	0	a close up of a woman holding a candy cane.	The girl is looking at the board the guy is holding, her eyes are down and her mouth is open. He is facing her, just the side of his face can be seen, no real details.
0	0	0	A woman holding a cell phone in her hand.	The girl in pink's eyes and mouth are closed.
0	0	0	A young man holding a nail gun in his hand.	the spoon is held exactly level with his chin
0	0	0	A man holding a cell phone in his hand.	The man holds a spoon up in front of him and the tip of the spoon is not seen.
0	0	0	a close up of a man with a cell phone in his mouth.	the spoon on his hand can be clearly seen on the far right of the image
0	0	0	A group of people standing on a beach.	The person's face that has a blue shirt on can no longer be seen.  She is blocking a lot of the person behind her but you can still see a portion of her face. 
0	0	0	A group of people standing around a black and white camera.	You can't see any of the person's face who has a blue shirt on.  Her elbow is blocking a bit of the person's head behind her but you can clearly see her face. 
0	0	0	A group of people standing on a beach.	The girl in the army jacket is looking at the camera with the food item in her mouth.
0	0	0	A person holding a red red scissors in their hands.	The person is only holding the red object in their right hand.  It appears very sideways and the shape of it can't really be seen. 
0	0	0	A person is holding a red purse and scissors.	Two hands are visible touching the red paper. The top edge of the paper is right against the top of the frame. It's a little blurry.
0	0	0	A person is holding a piece of jewelry in their hand.	Gold coin in the palm of a hand.
0	0	0	a close up of a dollar bill sitting on top of a napkin.	The tail (eagle) side of a quarter. The background is concrete grey.
0	0	0	a close up of a coin sitting on top of a table.	The backside of a small coin.  There is a torch in the middle and some leaves on either side of the torch. 
0	0	0	A glass of beer sitting on a table next to a glass of wine.	A tall glass of beer is next to a brown bottle.  There is a boy in the far background.
0	0	0	A beer bottle sitting on top of a table.	A white can of beer in front of a frosty goblet of beer.
0	0	0	A glass of beer sitting on top of a table.	A red beer bottle is on the right of a glass of beer. It's on a cement surface with grass in the background.
0	0	0	A person holding a photo of a person's hair.	The very top of the object in the person's hands is off the top edge of the image. 
0	0	0	A child playing with a baseball bat in a pool.	The girl in the black pants has her right foot on the ground and her left foot lifted and slightly ahead of her right.
0	0	0	A child playing with a baseball bat in a pool.	The girl have her legs bent and feet planted on the ground for a jump. Her hands are behind her knees. 
0	0	0	A group of people walking down a street.	The woman is almost entirely hid by the boy in blue, just her right arm is visible.
0	0	0	A group of people walking down a street.	The person in blue is blocking the woman.  On the right, a small section of her head is visible and a third of her body.
0	0	0	A close up of a woman looking at a television.	You can see the woman's entire face after clearing the person on her left.  She is looking up and to the left and her mouth is slightly open and you can barely see her top teeth. 
0	0	0	A close up of a woman standing in front of a television.	There is a grey cape or jacket in between the woman's face and the grey shoulder.  The item is completely visible.
0	0	0	A close up picture of a woman and her husband.	Only the corner/tear duct of her left eye is in the frame. Her lips are parted to reveal top teeth and no black space. 
0	0	0	A person holding a miniature miniature toy on top of a plate.	The dog is facing to the right of the picture. The front right leg of the dog is fully visible and but touched by the finger. 
0	0	0	A group of people standing around in a crowded room.	There is a crowd of people mostly on the left and back of the room. The long white sofa goes all the way to the right side of the image, the right end of the sofa is not visible at all.
0	0	0	A group of people standing around in a room.	The long couch in the middle right hand part of the picture is almost entirely visible with just  the very right tip cut off. 
0	0	0	A group of people standing around a table.	The woman is standing out of line and giving something to the little boy.
0	0	0	A group of people standing in front of a table.	Only the top of the girl's face in the foreground be seen as she looks left.
0	0	0	A group of people standing in front of a table.	The full head and part of the side profile can be seen on the woman with dark hair in the foreground of the photo
0	0	0	A man sitting on a bench in front of a computer.	The vehice with the purple character is the only vehicle clearly visible. There is a word in white in the upper left corner.
0	0	0	A man sitting on a bench next to a bike.	On the upper left corner there is half a gold ring with round icons in it. There is no writing across it.
0	0	0	A little girl sitting in front of a cup of milk.	You can see the cheek and chin of a woman coming in on the upper right hand corner of the screen. The baby's right hand is near the left edge of the image but isn't touching it. 
0	0	0	A group of people sitting on a lawn with a man and a woman.	The little boy in a gingham shirt is facing away from the camera. The woman next to him's eyes are visible, but her mouth is not visible.
0	0	0	A group of people sitting on a lawn with a cell phone.	The boy is facing right but is turning forward. The woman's face is covered by the boy's head in this photo.
0	0	0	A person standing next to a dog on a wooden floor.	The dog is in the lowest right corner but is not cut off or very badly blurred.
0	0	0	A close up view of a person's feet on a wooden floor.	lower part of a folding table in the middle of the picture, with no other moving object in the picture
0	0	0	A close up of a yellow flower in a vase.	A large 5 petaled yellow flower is under a blue sky.
0	0	0	A bunch of green bananas hanging from a tree.	Big green leaf with oval shape that's pointy on the top.
0	0	0	A room with a lot of chairs and a lot of buttons.	There is a small crack in the door and you can see bright sunlight just starting to come in. 
0	0	0	A row of chairs in a room filled with objects.	The door is open halfway and half of the person is visible.
0	0	0	A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.	surfers left shin and knee are resting on the surfboard while the left arm is raised
0	0	0	A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.	girl surfer riding the top of the wave, highest point
0	0	0	A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.	A person in a red shirt with a circular logo on it is on a white surfboard towards the top of a wave
0	0	0	A pair of sausages on top of a wooden table.	The rolling pin is resting on the center of the bag
0	0	0	A dog is laying on the floor next to a pair of scissors.	a blurry rolling pin in the middle of a bag filled with crushed item
0	0	0	A person holding a toothbrush in front of a sink.	SpongeBob's nose is hidden.
0	0	0	A person is holding a banana in their hand.	The mouth on the cartoon character is almost completely blocked.  The picture overall is slightly brighter. 
0	0	0	A group of girls that are standing in a room.	The dance pose is both hand on the one side of the hips. The girl in the blue is fully blocking the person in the back.
0	0	0	A group of people standing in a room.	Straight on view of the four characters. They all have their hands below their waist. You can only see one arm of the one in blue shirt.
0	0	0	A group of people standing on top of a bed.	The woman in the light blue dress has her right arm horizontally across her face and both of her eyes are visible.
0	0	0	A room filled with various knickknacks and other items.	The yellow box on the right has one word mostly visible but the next is almost all cut off from view. 
0	0	0	A couple of snowmen that are sitting on top of a brick wall.	A picture of several small snowmen.  There is a larger one with 4 babies. 
0	0	0	A teddy bear sitting on top of a snow covered bench.	A snowman is on a bench.
0	0	0	A group of children sitting at a table with a cake.	The little girl on the left is looking to the top left with her mouth slightly open while the boy in orange is looking straight at the blue and red cup.
0	0	0	A table full of birthday cake with a child on it.	The boy in the center is smiling at the camera with eyes open and the boy in orange is looking at the camera as well. 
0	0	0	A group of children sitting at a table with cake.	The candle has been blown out and he is looking towards the camera but his eyes are starting to squint. 
0	0	0	A photo of a person sitting on the edge of a table.	The square around the battery is tilted downward by about 10 degrees, both hands can be seen
0	0	0	A couple of wires sitting on top of a table.	The metal wire is inline with the hands.
0	0	0	A photo of a hot dog sitting on a table.	The wire is pointing to 11 o'clock and 5 o'clock. 
0	0	0	A person is touching up a candy dispenser.	The person has a green and yellow object in their left hand.  The right hand is not covering any of that object. 
0	0	0	A person is using a cell phone in a kitchen.	There is a green and yellow object in the person's left hand.  The right hand's thumb is covering part of the object. 
0	0	0	A group of people walking down a runway.	A woman in white on the left is just starting to cross in front a sitting man.  You can see the man's entire face still. 
0	0	0	A group of people walking down a runway.	The second man on the left front row is looking down at the model in white.
0	0	0	A group of people walking down a runway.	You can see the full woman in the red dress. She is about dead center.
0	0	0	A man is standing in a room filled with ice.	The black object is almost to the ground.  The top of the black object is now blocking a part of the floor.  
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a white couch.	The black item is clearly touching the ground and the man still has a tight grip on the item.
0	0	0	A close up of an apple on a table.	An apple sitting on a grey/black speckled countertop
0	0	0	An apple sitting on top of a table.	A centered apple picture with water condensation on the apple. 
0	0	0	An apple sitting on top of a wooden plate.	Yellow apple on brown table. White background at the top.
0	0	0	A person standing in front of a blender dispenser.	The blue objects in the middle of the white tray are pointed slightly to the right of the picture.  There is only a pointer finger pointing straight down at the blue object. 
0	0	0	A person standing next to a blue cup holder.	The second blue object is clearly in the person's right hand and is about to be put into place. 
0	0	0	A woman sitting in a chair eating a sandwich.	The woman is smiling with her teeth showing and touching the tip of her nose. 
0	0	0	A woman sitting in front of a table with a cell phone in her hand.	You can only see the lady. Her finger is against her lips and her eyes wide open.
0	0	0	A woman is brushing her hair in front of a mirror.	The person is holding their right hand up near their face.  She is looking directly at her hand. 
0	0	0	A man is standing in front of a wall.	There is a man at the center of the image.  The very top of his head is cut off at the top of the image.  He is just starting to block a graphic on the back wall behind him. Most of the graphic is seen to his left. 
0	0	0	A man wearing a red shirt and a red tie is standing in front of a basketball court.	The man in the center is blocking almost all of the colorful graphic behind him on the wall. 
0	0	0	A man in a red and white suit sits on a bench.	The man is facing left with his eyes closed. Under the chart on the screen, you can see blue on his shirt and orange under that.
0	0	0	A person is holding something in their hands.	The two thumbs are touching, the string can not be seen between the thumbs.
0	0	0	A boy standing next to a girl in a room.	The green "laser" on either side of the text is the farthest away from each other.
0	0	0	A boy standing next to a girl in a room.	The text is completely visible. The kids are looking into each other eyes.
0	0	0	A girl is petting a dog with a frisbee.	The girl is looking at the camera and her entire hand is on the brown part of the dog's neck. 
0	0	0	A close up of a person's hair on a cell phone.	You can't quite see the cartoon pirate riding an object in the shot yet.  Only the front 1/4 of that object the pirate is riding on can be seen. 
0	0	0	A close up of a close up of a person's arm.	A cartoon pirate has appeared and you can see most of his body. 
0	0	0	A close up of a person standing in front of a horse.	The cartoon pirate is at the top right corner, his entire body can be seen.
0	0	0	a close up of a brown and white animal in a pool.	A very closeup shot of a frog's eyes poking out of the water.  You can see his left front arm under the water.  No lilypads or green plants are seen. 
0	0	0	A fish that is sitting next to a body of water.	Most of a frog's body is out of the water.  It is looking right towards a small plant in the water. 
0	0	0	a close up of a bird that is floating in the water.	The frog is on the bottom right, on a lilypad that is under water. The frog's head is green and sticking out of the water. You can see the speckled markings on his back. There's another lilypad in the upper left corner.
0	0	0	A man riding a motor vehicle in the back of a car.	The man is completely facing forward and his hand is at 12:00.
0	0	0	A man sitting in a car with a dog in the back seat.	A large truck is seen out the driver's side window going the other direction on the road. 
0	0	0	A man riding a motor vehicle with a woman in the back.	The man's driving gloves is obscuring the woman's chest area. Her shoulders are not visible.
0	0	0	A young boy standing next to a colorful kite.	There is a small white triangle of text that is seen on the red part of the balloon at the far top edge of the image. 
0	0	0	A man sitting in front of a microphone.	A man is sitting and playing a cello with 5 bright lights behind him.
0	0	0	A man playing an instrument in front of a stage.	A very dark full body image of a man, and he is looking down.
0	0	0	A man holding a cell phone in his hands.	Dude is holding the guiter upwards
0	0	0	A man holding a loaf of bread on a kitchen counter.	his ring finger of his left hand is barely visible right above the outline of the ribs
0	0	0	A little boy is trying to get his hands on a cell phone.	Only the very tip of a boy's pointing finger is off frame.
0	0	0	A little boy wearing a yellow shirt and holding a yellow cell phone.	The young boy's hand is touching the top edge of the black spot on the characters arm. It is in between the black and white.
0	0	0	A little boy wearing a yellow jacket and holding a banana on his head.	The boy's eyes are closed and you can clearly see both feet of the blue character in back. 
0	0	0	A photo of a bird perched on a bird cage.	A small sliver of brown is visible on the black object to the left of the right side of the doorframe
0	0	0	A bird perched on top of a bird feeder.	The air conditioner and black button are visible in the upper left corner.
0	0	0	A man and woman standing next to each other.	A man has his arm extended behind the head of a person to his right but the hand on his extended arm is not visible
0	0	0	A man and woman are standing next to each other.	A man has his mouth open and looking left with a woman in background with head fully visible
0	0	0	A man standing next to a woman holding a plate of food.	The woman passing in back on left edge has only her back visible.
0	0	0	A close up of a car on the side of a street.	The car is directly facing the corner of a street. You can see two potholes to the right an SUV facing left in the driveway in the distance.
0	0	0	A couple of cars parked next to each other in a parking lot.	The car is making a turn to the left.  The street that was straight ahead can't be seen at all now.  The van in the distance can still fully be seen. 
0	0	0	A man riding a skateboard down a street.	The car is making a turn to the right.  Only the front half of the van in the driveway across the street can be seen. 
0	0	0	A man riding a jet ski in the water.	One guy on a silver and blue water ski with sunglasses on. 
0	0	0	Two people on a jet ski in the water.	There is a red jet ski
0	0	0	A woman sitting on a bench with a drink in her hand.	You can just barely see the person's right leg on the right side of the image.  The left eye of the person on the left has just come into view. 
0	0	0	A woman sitting on a bench next to a car.	You can see the woman's elbow only who has the red plaid on the very upper right corner of the image.  
0	0	0	A woman sitting on a bench with a purse in her hand.	The red pot on the ground is at the bottom edge.
0	0	0	A herd of sheep standing in a grassy field.	There are four animals on a grass field. 
0	0	0	Two sheep laying in the grass next to each other.	two sheep completely lying on the grass, with the one in front facing left, no other animal is present
0	0	0	A herd of sheep standing in a field.	A black sheep with a whitish tail is at the back of the pack here.
0	0	0	A blurry image of a person standing next to a computer.	There is a medium sized rock on the bottom right of the image. Only a little bit is cut off from the image while most of it is visible.
0	0	0	A blurry image of a person standing on top of a ladder.	The character has just started making a turn to the left around a corner. It hasn't quite gotten to the green plant on the left of it. 
0	0	0	A white plate with a white dog on it.	No text is visible. There's a spoon below, but not touching, a doughnut hole. 
0	0	0	A plate topped with a donut on a plate.	No text is seen at the bottom of the image and no metal spoon is seen.  Only a small circular object is on the napkin. 
0	0	0	A plate with a doughnut on top of it.	There single piece of brown fried ball on a napkin on a plate. There is blurry blue text at the bottom. The ladle is not there.
0	0	0	A man riding on the back of a brown horse.	The horse's tail is curved in a c-shape towards its body. The rider has his back to us. Two of the horse's feet are lifted.
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a house with a frisbee.	A man is looking back at the camera with his mouth slightly open.  You can see top teeth.  You can't see the very top of his head for the first time because its been cut off at the top of the image. 
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a green lawn.	A man looking back at the camera with his mouth mostly closed.  You can barely see a couple of the man's fingers on his hand.  The top of his head is cut off at the top of the image. 
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a fence holding a broom.	The man's hair not completely visible, its cut off right at his hairline. 
0	0	0	A person standing in a room with a pink blanket.	There is one white light shining towards the woman's shoes.
0	0	0	A person standing in front of a stage.	The man in front of the woman has his arms straight up and is obscuring the green light.
0	0	0	A man that is standing in front of a television.	A man's muscular bicep is visible close to the right edge, but you can't see his hand or head. A white man is running behind him.
0	0	0	A picture of a hot dog kitchen with a sign that reads, "KIDS IN THE KITCHEN"..	There is a half bright yellow circle on the bottom of the image. 
0	0	0	A picture of a kitchen with a sign that reads, "Cooking in the Kitchen".                                                 	The title screen is fully showing, with a yellow sun in the background.
0	0	0	A close up of a machine that is inside of a stall.	a tiny piece of a finger can be seen against a red can being pointed at a hole. The metal bar is angle slightly upward
0	0	0	a close up of a metal fire hydrant.	The circle is empty and positioned in the center.  there are 2 large bolts or screws visible at the top
0	0	0	A close up view of a metal grille.	Opening is center left of image.
0	0	0	A person cutting up a bunch of food on a kitchen table.	A right hand is visibly grasping something that looks like a piece of fish. Two fingers are at the top with nothing obstructing them.
0	0	0	A TV sitting on the sidewalk next to a TV.	A tv sits on the ground next to a black plastic milk crate
0	0	0	A TV sitting on top of a van on a sidewalk.	there is a black television with a remote sitting in front of it
0	0	0	An old television sitting on a sidewalk.	Black and yellow tv
0	0	0	A couple of chairs sitting on the side of a street.	A blue couch that looks like it's been cut into three sections. 
0	0	0	A couch is sitting on the side of the road.	A yellow recliner is sitting on the sidewalk next to a trash can.
0	0	0	A green bench sitting on the side of a street.	A green sofa sitting in front of a parking meter.
0	0	0	A group of people standing in a room.	Only the back of the head and part of her shoulders is visible of the woman in blue behind the person in the grey top
0	0	0	A man standing in a room holding a remote controller.	The person with the glasses is standing nearly straight up.  It is blurry but he is looking sort of to the camera.  He is almost completely blocking the person in the blue plaid in the back
0	0	0	A close up of a toy train car.	The large silver blurred ball is overapping the top of the locomotive's back roof.
0	0	0	A close up of a close up of a toy car.	The train is on its side, and there is a moving gold ornament that is on the front and covering the smoke stack.
0	0	0	A baby playing with a cell phone in a room.	Half the body of the woman sitting on the sofa is visible.
0	0	0	A baby sitting in a chair next to a computer.	The two people in the image are the baby and the woman on the couch.  The boy's face is partially visible.
0	0	0	A piece of bread is being cooked on a stove top.	The sandwich is practically vertical and the spatula is tilted slightly, but mostly horizontal and not blurry at all. 
0	0	0	A man riding a surfboard on top of a wave.	A person in a yellow top and blue pants is surfing a white and green surfboard
0	0	0	A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.	A person with no shirt on and a red surfboard poking out of the water. 
0	0	0	A man riding a surfboard on top of a wave.	Surfer in red long sleeved shirt, squatting down with his back to the camera. Just a very tiny wave.
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a man in a wedding gown.	Woman in stripes at far right is clearly seen in profile and with her mouth wide open.
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a man in a wedding ring.	The image is mid-transition between images. The bride is looking at another female, who is looking off screen to the right and her mouth is slightly open.
0	0	0	A woman and a man standing next to each other in front of a wedding cake.	There is the most blur and you can see a woman with a black and white shirt superimposed on the grooms back. 
0	0	0	A photo of a person riding a motorbike on a road.	No water is visible and there are no words at the bottom of the screen.
0	0	0	A view of a house with a fence and a fence.	There is no blue text at the bottom of the screen. There is some water surrounded by light brown sand on the right side of the image. 
0	0	0	A blurry image of a person flying a kite.	There are two blue letters on the screen. 
0	0	0	A pot of soup on top of a stove.	The entire front of the container is visible.  All parts of the label are readable and in the shot. 
0	0	0	A pot on a stove top with a jug in it.	You can see the front label on the salt. It's held over the left side of the pot. His palm is not visible.
0	0	0	A view of a skateboarder in a building.	The person with the gun is still on a large grey platform.  The gun is aiming towards the left but still aimed down at the grey platform. 
0	0	0	A photo of a skateboarder in front of a building.	The person with the gun is still on top of a grey platform.  The gun is aimed to the left at the very edge of the grey platform the person is standing on. 
0	0	0	A woman holding a box of macaroni and cheese.	The girl's open eyes are visible, but her forehead is not shown.
0	0	0	A woman standing in a kitchen holding a box of ice cream.	The woman is carrying a box.  Her right leg is just starting to cross in front of her left leg as she is reaching out with her leg to move the chair out from the table. Her eyes are no longer visible. 
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a cake in a kitchen.	The woman has obviously just started moving the chair with her leg.  Her right leg is covering up a lot of her left leg.  The star on the table is mostly in blue but the left side of the star is starting to have the floor behind it. 
0	0	0	a close up of a person with hair on his face.	A close up of an eye.  The image appears broken like glass. 
0	0	0	A close up of a person's head with a glass mirror.	A close up of an eye.  There is very bright light on the right side of the eye. 
0	0	0	A close up of a close up photo of a person.	A big black and white eyeball with contacts showing three cross shapes.
0	0	0	A group of people on a beach with surfboards.	The kayakers in the front has a yellow buoy near the back of the boat. 
0	0	0	A baby sitting on top of a blanket next to a teddy bear.	You can still see the entire brown dog that is in the lower left hand corner of the picture.  
0	0	0	A baby laying in a blanket on top of a pile of teddy bears.	The woman's face is not shown. Her hand is low on the baby's head with a small gap between her middle and ring finger. Her fingers are in focus.
0	0	0	A baby laying on a bed with a blanket.	The stuffed puppy is "looking up" at the woman in a robe. You can see only the snout of the real dog, not the eye. The stuffed puppy's tail is cut off by the frame.
0	0	0	A group of women standing next to each other.	The woman with the gold necklace is to the very right of the image, giving a side-eye towards the right.
0	0	0	A group of people standing next to each other in a field.	The woman closest to the camera is looking at it. She is blocking the head of a woman with a white tank top standing behind her, though you can still see the woman's blue baseball cap.. 
0	0	0	A person standing in front of a stage with a pony.	The man's face can be seen facing left but the woman's face is obscured by her hair. 
0	0	0	A man that is standing on top of a stage.	Both the man and woman are faced forward with their full arms visible.
0	0	0	Two white birds walking in a grassy field.	Two white guess are on shore next to a body of water.  One is facing away from the camera and one is facing right. 
0	0	0	A flock of seagulls standing on top of a pond.	One white goose is facing to the left on a small island.  There is a small green bridge and a few ducks
0	0	0	A flock of birds in a body of water.	Ducks toward the center front with a docked boat to the right.
0	0	0	A group of brown horses standing in a field.	roughly 10 brown horses stand in a dirt area with a structure on the left to provide shade
0	0	0	A herd of horses standing on top of a lush green field.	Field with animals separated by a tree in the middle, more animals off in the distance with trees behind them.
0	0	0	A herd of cows grazing in a field.	There is a fence with lots of goats behind it.  There is a small pavilion with a concrete floor with 6 goats in it. 
0	0	0	A man walking around with a frisbee in his hand.	You see one leg and foot of the person behind the coach who is walking in the foreground. 
0	0	0	A man walking across a field with a frisbee.	Half of the head of the camera man's head is visible behind the man in blue on the field.
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a stove cooking food.	Her right hand is holding a utensil.  Her left hand is in a fist slightly above her waist. 
0	0	0	A group of people sitting on a bed next to each other.	The dog's head is barely touching the top of the image.
0	0	0	A group of kids are standing next to each other.	The dog's eyes are no longer visible. 
0	0	0	A camera is sitting on top of a wooden bench.	A top down image of a camera.  There is a blue circle in the lower right corner. 
0	0	0	A close up of a camera on a table.	The camera is on a light tan wooden surface with a blurry blue wall in the background.
0	0	0	a close up of a camera on a table.	The camera is black and facing the left.  The lens is not connected.  There is a black and silver item with a knob directly behind it.  
0	0	0	A person is holding a cell phone in his hands.	The two hands are touching and the three right fingers are a little stretched out.
0	0	0	A pizza sitting on top of a white plate.	There is a pizza with its topping making it seem it is leaning to the left. There is a lot of white topping on it with no greens.
0	0	0	A slice of pizza sitting on top of a white plate.	There is a single slice of pizza on a white plate with green things on it.
0	0	0	A man in a red shirt is talking on a cell phone.	The man's mouth is open as he drives the car, his head facing strIGHT ahead
0	0	0	A man riding in a car with a cell phone in his hand.	The man driving has his mouth closed and his entire watch is visible on his wrist. 
0	0	0	A man sitting in a car with a cell phone in his hand.	The guy is looking forward with hands on each side of the steering wheel like a good driver. 
0	0	0	A man that is holding a microphone in front of a microphone.	A man playing a trumpet in the center and left parts of the image facing left.  There is another man in the lower right playing a string bass or cello. 
0	0	0	A group of musicians that are on stage.	A trombone player is closest to us with a yellow green light shining on his back. A saxophone player is next to him.
0	0	0	A table with a birthday cake and Mickey Mouse.	the left side of the card to the left of the cake is off frame
0	0	0	A table with a birthday cake and Mickey Mouse on it.	The top part of the flying dog's head on the poster is cut off by the top of the picture.
0	0	0	A group of people that are standing next to each other.	Everyone is looking down but is in the process of raising their heads back up
0	0	0	A group of people are watching a video game.	The man in the black jacket is looking up and to his left, his hair is flipped up and blurry but his face is clear.
0	0	0	A woman sitting in front of a computer on a desk.	two full lines of text and 2 partial lines of text are visible on the bottom, and the woman has her mouth open
0	0	0	A woman sitting in front of a computer screen.	The reporter's mouth is closed and she had a stern look on her face.
0	0	0	A woman sitting next to a computer on a desk.	Woman has her head tilted slightly down with mouth in shape of circle and chin pointy
0	0	0	A woman holding a tray full of green vegetables.	The person's hands are closer to the edge of the table while their left hand is about to pick up a green bean.
0	0	0	A woman holding a bunch of green vegetables on a kitchen counter.	The woman's right hand is placed in the middle of the beans. Her left had is not touching the beans, but is on top of it in a grabbing motion.
0	0	0	A giraffe standing next to a tall tree.	The giraffe looks to the left with its face mostly not visible but the back of its head is.
0	0	0	A giraffe is standing next to a tree.	The giraffe head is at the top right with the sunlight very brightly shining on the back of its head.
0	0	0	a close up of a giraffe with a camera in front of it.	A giraffe from the neck up is seen.  Both eyes and ears are visible.  There is a small branch on the far left at head level of the giraffe. 
0	0	0	A young boy standing in a room with a suitcase.	Only the left arm and the left leg is visible of a child in yellow walking out of a room.
0	0	0	a close up of a bowl of food on a table.	there is a white dish with meat in it on a wooden table
0	0	0	a close up of a bowl of food on a plate.	There is a thumb on the far left touching the bowl of chicken.
0	0	0	A young girl holding a cell phone in her hand.	The girl has her mouth wide open but you can't see any teeth at all. 
0	0	0	A young girl holding a cell phone in her hands.	Her head is tilted back and you can just see her upper teeth.
0	0	0	A young girl holding a cell phone in her hand.	The girl's right ear is visible. There's a small space between that ear and the edge of the left black border. The flyaway hair on her bangs is against the left black border. She is facing and looking at us.
0	0	0	A person holding a metal pot on top of a metal counter.	The man's entire hand is turning the third knob to the left and you cannot see his thumb.
0	0	0	A person is using a metal container to cook a loaf of bread.	A hand is positioned on the second metal dial from the left with its thumb at the 11 o clock position
0	0	0	A bird perched on top of a tree branch.	One branch is across the picture left to right with an owl sitting on it facing to the right. The branch is pretty thick.
0	0	0	A large owl sitting on top of a pole.	A hawk with its body facing the right side of the image and its head facing towards the camera.  It is on top of a power pole and the sky is very grey. 
0	0	0	A bird sitting on top of a wire fence.	A hawk with its body facing the right side of the image and its head towards the camera.  It is on top of a pole but no wires are seen. The sky is very grey. 
0	0	0	A truck driving down a highway with cars on the side of the road.	The blue car is titled slightly down and to the left, and its left back tire is on the lane divider.
0	0	0	A truck driving down a highway with cars on the side of the road.	There is a black car with smoke coming out of the tail pipe while ahead of the car is a blue car about to touch the right lane with its right tire.
0	0	0	A couple of cars driving down the road.	The black car is in the middle of the screen about to hit the tan car.
0	0	0	A person riding a skateboard down a street.	The person running atop boxes has their right foot fully upon a box as their left foot leaves the box behind them and doesn't quite touch it anymore.
0	0	0	A person walking down the street with a skateboard.	he is on the white stone closest to the camera with both feet on the ground and in focus
0	0	0	A photo of a tennis rack and tennis ball in a bathroom.	The man furthest to the left wearing a white shit has his leg stretched out while the man farthest to the right is above the black line.
0	0	0	A couple of people standing next to each other on a skateboard.	The person in the lower right hand corner's hand is just barely touching the right hand side of the picture but his body is not fully visible.. 
0	0	0	A group of cats sitting on top of a tennis court.	The topmost figure is just left of the midpoint of the square and the figure at top right is just right of the line and facing it.
0	0	0	A man is standing in front of a wall.	Man has fingers up touching chin making u shaped.
0	0	0	A man in a white shirt with a big smile on his face.	he is looking to the left side of the image with his mouth wide open
0	0	0	A woman is standing in front of a tree.	The woman's head is tilted slightly to the right with her mouth slightly open and no next on screen
0	0	0	A woman is holding a piece of paper in her hand.	Women's head is tilted to her left with mouth closed
0	0	0	A woman is holding a piece of paper on her head.	There is text on the picture but it is very faint so you can not make out the words of the text.
0	0	0	A boat with a sign on it that says, "Welcome to the ocean.".	There are small rounded ears on the top of the oval made up of many red lines.  The bottom "chin" of the oval has three blue lines. 
0	0	0	A picture of a paddle on a body of water.	The small white ears on the oval have moved to the side.  There are mostly small blue lines on the left and bottom of the oval with some red lines on the right side. 
0	0	0	A blurry image of a body of water with a kite suspended in the air.	The "ears" of the circle is pointing to the sides.  The bottom of the circle does not have any light effect pointing out. 
0	0	0	A woman holding a cell phone in front of a table.	You can clearly see the two main words on the letterhead, but they're a bit blurry. The girl's mouth is slightly open with two teeth visible.The gap between the letter and the left edge goes almost all the way down to the corner. 
0	0	0	A woman holding a piece of paper in front of a table.	The girl's mouth is slightly open and you can see her top teeth.  The text is backwards but readable.  The upper left corner of the page she is holding is just barely in the shot.  
0	0	0	A woman holding a box of books in front of her.	The girl is making a sad face with the paper at her chin. The paper title is still readable. 
0	0	0	A herd of animals in a grassy field.	scene with all the animals towards the back, the one in the furthest back is turned long ways 
0	0	0	A black and white photo of a cemetery.	A paved road in the front with a stone wall on the side.  A lot of cars are parked behind the stone wall.
0	0	0	A group of people standing outside of a building.	Single building, the roof is just rafters. There are people in line if front going inside.
0	0	0	A person is standing in front of a Christmas tree.	The image is in the middle of a transition. A child is picking up a pink and white electronic device on the bottom edge of the image that has a white line under the electronics device.
0	0	0	A motorcycle that is sitting on top of a car.	You can see most of the fingers of a hand on the left side of the screen.  No wrist of the hand is present. 
0	0	0	A man is standing next to a motorcycle.	Only the person's hand is seen on the left side, no part of the arm.
0	0	0	A group of people standing next to a motorcycle.	The hand and leg are visible on the left side, on the right side a blue container is halfway in the frame. The yellow container beside it is not visible.
0	0	0	A little boy playing with a snowboard on the floor.	The boy's left fingertips are touching the carpet. You can see his entire right hand with fingertips curled under. His face is looking down towards his pikachu item.
0	0	0	A little girl playing with a snowboard on the floor.	Little boy is holding his arms out looking down at the item.
0	0	0	A person is cooking a cake on a plate.	The mixed batter is in the center of the metal sheet under it, with both of the person's hands mostly visible. 
0	0	0	A bowl of chocolate cake on a plate.	Only one hand is actually touching the bowl.
0	0	0	A woman in a dressing gown standing in front of a Christmas tree.	Girl is as close to the wall to her left shoulder as possible.
0	0	0	A dog standing in a room in front of a door.	A picture of a dog at the end of a hallway.  Something is coming from the left but you can't see what it is yet. 
0	0	0	A picture of a plane with a clock on it.	the picture on the bottom is more than halfway off frame
0	0	0	A view of a plane flying through a window.	The clock on the right is showing a time five minutes past an hour and the bottom image has not quite reached even with the upper photo.
0	0	0	A man standing next to a woman in a classroom.	the person in purple in the forground is visible up to just below their chin
0	0	0	A group of kids sitting at a table in a classroom.	The male student in the black sweater had his head down and writing. There is no image overlay.
0	0	0	A white bird standing on top of a white chair.	The bird is facing to the left and its wing is completely back down on its body. 
0	0	0	A couple of people jumping on top of a couple of chairs.	The bird has just gone more upright and the top of its head is off the top of the image.  You can just barely see one of its eyes. 
0	0	0	A dog jumping over a chair in a room.	The top of the bird's head is cut off by the top edge of the photo. The bird's back is to us and nothing is blocking the bird's body.
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a tree with a cell phone.	The girl's head is cocked to our right. The text bar is beginning to fade, but the email address is still visible. The girl's hand is coming in from the bottom with four fingers visible.
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a tree with a white shirt.	The right side of the woman's mouth is open. The text is very light, not readable.
0	0	0	A woman sitting on a bench next to a bag.	The woman's eyes are closed, the image is clear and all of her hair is visible.
0	0	0	A woman sitting on a bench with a bag in her hand.	The woman is glancing with both eyes open to the right.  She has a sort of questioning look on her face. 
0	0	0	A woman holding a bowl of cereal in front of a freezer.	the box is perfectly straight up and down, not leaning to either side
0	0	0	A woman holding a bag of treats in a kitchen.	Full box is visible in picture. Woman's mouth is open with all teeth visible and bottoms not touching the top. 3 fingers visible holding bottom of box
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a kitchen full of treats.	The woman is holding a yellow box.  Both of her hands are visible and her mouth is barely open. 
0	0	0	A group of people in a row boat.	Several people on a long green and black canoe.  The shot is from the back of the people. 
0	0	0	A group of people riding on a boat in the water.	Four people riding in two handmade wood boats that are low to the water.  There are two flags in the water in the upper right corner. 
0	0	0	A group of people in a canoe paddling down a river.	All the people are wearing red, they are in dark green boats.
0	0	0	A young child wearing a firefighter's hat in front of a fire hydrant.	The hand appears on the adult behind the small boy. 
0	0	0	A child standing next to a fire hydrant.	The boy is slightly looking upwards and you can clearly see the man's left hand at the top of the hat
0	0	0	A photo of a person walking down a street.	The letter Origin are only present.
0	0	0	A photo of a person standing in front of a pole.	There is a yellow flag in the very top left corner of the photo.
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a kitchen table.	A woman's eyes are partially closes and gritting teeth and face fully facing front.
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a kitchen table.	A women is talking her mouth is open but not smiling and you can see some of her upper teeth and all of her lower teeth. Her left arm is across her body and the hand is being held straight up
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a kitchen door.	The woman's bottom teeth are visible but not her top teeth. Her right ear is slightly covering the cabinet behind it in the background but not the rest of her head.
0	0	0	A motorcycle parked next to a parked motorcycle.	The fender with the letters on it is pointing towards the bottom right. There's a tiny black spot or hole directly under the muffler, and another one close by to the left.
0	0	0	A couple of women sitting on a bench next to each other.	The three women are completely in frame. The glasses of the lady closest are completely white.
0	0	0	A woman sitting on top of a bench in a park.	The picture is not very blurry. The girl in the camo jacket is pointing at the camera, her face is half cut off, can't see her nose.
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a dog in a kitchen.	A woman carrying a white box is in the process of walking through a doorframe
0	0	0	A woman standing in the middle of a kitchen.	The woman is walking through the door.  Her right leg is slightly ahead of the left and she is looking down. 
0	0	0	A woman holding a box of food in her hands.	The girl is just pass the door and looks up for the first time. The hind leg of the dog is spread apart at the feet of the girl. 
0	0	0	A couple of people standing next to each other.	There is a man covered in a white substance.  He has just moved a bit and you can see part of the woman's face in the background. 
0	0	0	A man standing next to a woman who is standing next to him.	You can see part of a woman's face in the background.  The man in front of her is turning her way and you no longer see the man's nose. 
0	0	0	A woman talking on the phone with a child.	Close up of a girl being dipped. The writing is not as bright white and the last word in the middle row is completely on the blue shirt with a little blue showing after the word.
0	0	0	A group of kids riding a skateboard on a sidewalk.	Several male dancers are dipping their partners as low as they can go.
0	0	0	A couple of soldiers standing next to each other.	There are two soldiers shooting their rifles and a bullet casing right next to one of their helmets.
0	0	0	A soldier in a trench holding a gun in his hand.	three uniformed men laying down under stand with rifles pointed right
0	0	0	A group of soldiers in a military uniform on a battlefield.	A group of soldiers in a row are laying down holding their guns.
0	0	0	A laptop that is sitting on a table.	A black laptop with lots of glare on the screen.  There is a small white mug in the upper right corner in the background.
0	0	0	A laptop computer sitting on top of a table.	The black laptop has a single icon and text on a black screen. The laptop is not center in the image with a gap on the right side.
0	0	0	A laptop computer sitting on top of a table.	A laptop with a blue screen.
0	0	0	A woman is sitting on a bench in a park.	The box of the girl in purple is facing the red table. The lady who is closer has the box pointed up.
0	0	0	A woman is sitting on a bench in a park.	On the far left edge the ends of her fingers are visible on her leg, her hand and knuckles are cut off.
0	0	0	A woman is making a batter in a kitchen.	The woman is holding a spatula in her right hand and it is over the pan on the stovetop.  
0	0	0	A little boy wearing a helmet and holding a cell phone.	The thumb is very close to the kids chin, but not yet touching it.
0	0	0	A man wearing glasses and a helmet is taking a picture.	The hand is under the collar area of the orange jacket. It's not close to his chin.
0	0	0	A group of people walking down a busy street.	There is a van facing toward the right side. It is half hidden behind the people.
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a bus on the side of the road.	There is a van crossing to the right behind the people on the left.  You can see most of the front 2/3 of the van
0	0	0	A group of people standing around a table.	A low shot of a person playing guitar.  His legs are roughly even with each other and the left leg is slightly bent. 
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a crowd of people.	The female dancer in the black bikini in the middle has her left knee touch the knee of the guitarist.
0	0	0	A group of people standing in front of a horse.	The text at the bottom of the picture starts to appear. You can't see the top of the man's head in red.
0	0	0	A group of people are sitting on top of a horse.	The text box is fully shown but is not covering the white star on the head of the horse on the left.
0	0	0	A group of people standing in front of a horse.	The horse on the right has it's ear covered by the logo in the corner.
0	0	0	A white white rabbit sitting on top of a white blanket.	An all white rabbit is standing on dark brown dirt and facing right.
0	0	0	A brown and white animal sitting in the grass.	A brown rabbit with a white stomach sits on dry, yellowing grass, in front of concrete.
0	0	0	A woman walking down the street carrying a pink purse.	Both her feet are visible. Her left foot is behind her and just coming off the ground.
0	0	0	A baby playing with a toy in a room.	A bit of pink can be seen in the lower left corner of the image. The arm of the person on the couch that has plaid pants on can just barely be seen. 
0	0	0	A child standing next to a car in a parking lot.	Half of the blurry woman on the couch is visible.
0	0	0	A little boy playing with a bunch of toys.	The gift wrapper is behind the child head.  It looks like he has a unicorn horn sticking out of his forehead.
0	0	0	A man holding a bottle of water in his hand.	The man is holding a bottle of yellow liquid with the back leg of the chair behind it roughly running through the middle below it
0	0	0	A person holding a hot dog on a wire rack.	You can just see the pan a bit and can see the handle of the pan.  He is about to pour the olive oil into the pan. 
0	0	0	A baby sucking on a cup of coffee in a living room.	You can't see the person's head who has the plaid pants on but you can see her arm and shoulder. 
0	0	0	A baby sitting on top of a couch next to a bookshelf.	The very tiniest sliver of the pink sleeve of the woman sitting on the sofa is visible on the left edge.
0	0	0	A man and a woman riding in a car.	The man, driving is looking most sharply to his right.
0	0	0	A man and woman sitting in the back seat of a car.	The man and woman are both looking to their right. His hands are not visible on the wheel and a lamppost is visible in the background.
0	0	0	a close up of a person sitting on a bench.	A beaded necklace with a large dark stone at the bottom. It is laid out in an oval shape. 
0	0	0	A blue diamond necklace sitting on top of a person's head.	A blue necklace with dark blue beads and lighter blue rods linked by some chain. 
0	0	0	A table with a bunch of colorful toys on it.	Several necklaces laying on a light gold couch cushion. The top near the necklace is dark black.
0	0	0	A picture of a train that is on a train track.	The cannons are at the very bottom of the frame
0	0	0	A picture of a person sitting on a train.	There is a big blue ball with white teeth centered straight on and the end of a yellow cannon is pointing straight at it. Only the end of the cannon is visible, not the body.
0	0	0	A picture of a volleyball player sitting on a beach.	The giant smiling monster fills the center of the picture. The icons of the four players are seen at the bottom. 
0	0	0	A couple of people on a beach with a dog.	The female character is looking at the horse head, her two legs are separated.
0	0	0	A person with a horse and a dog on a beach.	The woman has completed her turn with her back to the camera. Her left leg is completely blocked by her right. 
0	0	0	a close up of a man with a hat on his head.	The head of the guy in the center is covering just the nose of the guy in the red shirt.
0	0	0	A man wearing a hat with a hat on his head.	The person in the front has just blocked most of the person's face who is on the left.  You can only see that person's sideburns. 
0	0	0	A man laying on a bed with a baby on it.	Father has his hand completely covering eyes and is closest to his left ear
0	0	0	A man sleeping with a baby on a bed.	The man's eyes are wide open as he looks upward, not at the baby.
0	0	0	A woman is sitting on a chair in a room.	Two women and a man with faces visible; one woman stands behind the other woman.
0	0	0	A woman sitting on a chair with a pony.	Man with wig cap on has two hands on his face, woman has lipstick being applied from someone's right hand.
0	0	0	A group of people sitting together in a room.	The man has a white thing on his head.  You can only see the right side of his face because the other half is blocked by a woman. 
0	0	0	A picture of a person sitting in front of a television.	A cartoon of a bird that has just put a box onto something.  A character with a propeller on their hat is watching with its back to the shot. 
0	0	0	A couple of dogs sitting next to each other in front of a screen.	A picture of the front of two cartoon characters.  The one on the right has a propeller hat.  You can see all 4 eyes. 
0	0	0	A picture of a bird sitting on top of a chair.	A bird is looking to the right and taking a receipt out of a machine.
0	0	0	A man standing next to another man with a bowl in his hand.	The person facing the camera has their right hand parallel to the table and at mouth height. 
0	0	0	A man holding a bowl of food in his hand.	The person facing the camera has their hand parallel to the table and at eye height. 
0	0	0	A man holding a bowl of food in his hand.	The man has his arm high up that his hand can't be seen.
0	0	0	A close up of a close up of a beetle laying on the beach.	A small crab on a grey rock.  There is a small crack just ahead of the crab and there are no other rocks seen except the one the crab is on. 
0	0	0	A small brown beetle sitting on top of a dirt road.	The crab has very long legs that are all pointed to the right, it looks like a bird's wing.
0	0	0	A brown beetle laying on the ground next to a body of water.	Distant view of a crab on sand, the crab is in the very center of the picture.
0	0	0	A man in a suit and tie stands in front of a crowd.	A stern looking man is looking to the right slightly but mostly straight ahead.  There are a lot of lights behind his head over both shoulders.  
0	0	0	A man in a suit and tie standing in front of a wall.	The man's face is in 3/4 view looking too the right with a cranky expression on his face and his mouth in an "o". His back is straight and the left frame cuts off his right shoulder.
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a vending machine.	There is a dark haired woman on the left side of the image.  The front part of her body is cut off on the left side of the image but you can still see her left arm. 
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a vending machine.	There is a person with a grey shirt that you can only see the back of on the far left side of the picture. Her arm has just disappeared in the shot.   
0	0	0	A little boy playing with a toy box.	The boy's left hand has just moved and his head is now blocking most of that hand. 
0	0	0	A little boy playing with a baby on a Christmas tree.	The left hand is pressed against the object. The middle and ring finger are together, with some space between the middle and pointer and the ring and pinkie fingers.
0	0	0	A little boy wearing a green jersey holding a baseball bat.	The boy's hand is up and covers most of his one eye on the left of the picture.
0	0	0	A boy wearing a green jersey with a Mickey Mouse hat on his head.	His mouth is hidden behind his blurred hand and his eyes are visible each side of it.
0	0	0	A little boy wearing a green helmet standing in front of a building.	The picture is brighter.  The boy is smiling and you can see both his top and bottom teeth.  You can't see any hands. 
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a fence holding a toy bat.	The man with the white shirt has just went behind the person to the left side of the image.  You can see his entire body. 
0	0	0	A man and a woman standing next to each other.	The person in red shorts is on the left side of the picture, there is a small gap between him and the other guy but he is fully in the frame.
0	0	0	A woman holding a cat in her hand.	The woman's fingers are right by the left ear of the cat
0	0	0	A woman petting a cat in a room.	You can see the black cat's front paws for the first time. 
0	0	0	A picture of a plate of food on a plate.	There is new picture of a pie plate with a black background coming in over top of the blue plate. The blue plate picture is covering the right 1/4 of the entire screen. 
0	0	0	A white plate topped with a bowl of food.	Only one dish is visible. The right edge of the dish is against the right edge of the frame.
0	0	0	A woman holding a tray of vegetables on top of a table.	Woman touches green beans with only right hand. Left hand not visible.
0	0	0	A couple of people standing next to each other on a bed.	The middle finger is sticking up on the left hand. The right hand is pressing down at the tip of the shape.
0	0	0	A couple of people standing on a wooden floor.	There is a black arrow with writing on it in the bottom left. The pointer finger of the right hand is lifted off the paper.
0	0	0	A person is cutting a yellow label on a yellow box.	There is text in the bottom left. The hands are pressing down the long fold on the paper. The right index finger is clearly pushing down on the paper. 
0	0	0	A bunch of metal pots and pans sitting on top of a metal table.	Three large copper spoons that are hanging up. 
0	0	0	A fire hydrant is sitting on top of a table.	The dirty jar with a red top looks like it has a snake inside. 
0	0	0	A close up of a banana on a table.	The center half of an onion with a green tint lighting.
0	0	0	A little boy standing next to a blue and white Christmas tree.	The boy has just begun unwrapping the present
0	0	0	A little boy is playing with a box of Mickey Mouse toys.	The top of the boy's right hand is slightly covering the bottom part of his nose.
0	0	0	A young boy standing next to a blue and white bed.	The boy is starting to rip the present open.  His hand is completely covering his nose but you can still see his eyes. 
0	0	0	A group of people standing next to a car trunk.	A woman has both hands on her head.
0	0	0	A pair of wire hanging on top of a tree.	There is a knot in a string and the large loop on the knot is just barely touching the lower part of the picture. 
0	0	0	A crocheted piece of clothing that is sitting on top of a tree.	A rope is going across the right side of the image with a knot at the bottom of it.
0	0	0	a close up of a girl in a white shirt and tie.	The girl is looking to the left with half closed eyes
0	0	0	A close up of a child with hair on her head.	She is looking straight at the camera, smiling. The microphone is to the left of her mouth.
0	0	0	a close up of a girl with a hat on her head.	Her eyes are closed.
0	0	0	A man in a suit and tie standing next to flowers.	You can just barely see the very edge of the blue flower on the right side of the image.  The man is looking to the left and is on the left side of the photo. 
0	0	0	A man in a suit and tie standing in front of a tree.	The blue flower on the right edge has disappeared.  The man is looking off to the left and nobody else is in the shot. 
0	0	0	Two white birds sitting on top of a tree branch.	Two pink and white parrots are looking at each other while sitting on a branch.
0	0	0	Two colorful birds perched on a tree branch.	Two green birds with one of them tucked tightly into a hole in a tree.
0	0	0	A woman sitting on a bench holding a cell phone.	Girl looking at straight forward holding the can straight on the left side of the picture.
0	0	0	A woman sitting on top of a bench holding a cell phone.	A woman holds her can close to her left part of face and wrist pulled in.
0	0	0	A woman in a park holding a cell phone.	The woman is looking directly at the camera with her mouth open. Her bottom teeth are visible. The can she is holding is even with her eyes.
0	0	0	A blurry image of a man standing next to a kite.	There is a red devil looking character in the top center of the image.  There are some white arrow objects that are flying away from it. 
0	0	0	A dog swimming in a pool with a baseball bat in its mouth.	The blue dog's left hand is just off the bottom of the image. The dog's left ear is still not yet to the bottom of the image. 
0	0	0	A child playing with a toy bat in a pool.	The blue dog's left hand is completely off the edge of the image so you can't see any of the light brown on it at all.  The right hand is still completely visible. 
0	0	0	A toy bat sitting on top of a pool.	The blue character's top of the hat is towards the camera. You can see a tiny bit of yellow/orange under the hat. None of his fingers are visible.
0	0	0	A woman standing in a room with a cell phone in her hand.	There is a girl in this picture facing the camera.  She has both hands held up in front of her.  Her lips are pursed.   
0	0	0	A woman standing in front of a computer screen.	A woman looks directly at the camera as her left hand is hidden and the right hand is blurred with the fingers outstretched.
0	0	0	A woman holding a cell phone in her hand.	A women looks down while only her right hand can be seen.
0	0	0	A woman in a white robe standing in front of a white van.	The man in white's whole neck and head are off frame but the rest of him is visible.  He's roughly in the middle of the image
0	0	0	A woman in a white robe standing in front of a bus.	The pope's chin just barely comes into view.
0	0	0	A close up of a yellow and black bus.	Only the red area of the tail light is visible. The view is directly at the back of the car, not at an angle.
0	0	0	A parked car with a sticker on the back of it.	The back end of a car is visible, except for the space to the left of its license plate
0	0	0	A car parked next to a curb next to a fence.	Gray back of car with Green and blue sticker on it's left back.
0	0	0	A car parked next to a parked car.	A light silver small car with a d sticker in the snow
0	0	0	A man drinking a glass of water while holding a drink.	The man eyes are mostly closed looking at the jar.  The entire jar is visible.
0	0	0	A man is holding a drink in his hand.	The person is looking at the object in his hand.  The jar is starting to go off of the image on the bottom so you can only see the top 2/3 of the jar. 
0	0	0	A man with a pair of chopsticks in his hand.	The jar is very blurry, a tiny bit of the orange substance in it is visible.
0	0	0	A person is standing on a wooden floor with a dog.	No toes of the person at the top of the image can be seen. The animal is right alongside that top person with the nose of the animal at the heel of the person's back foot. 
0	0	0	A dog running down a person's back.	No toes can be seen of the person at the top of the image.  The animal has started getting past that person with the animal's mid point at the heel of the person's back foot.
0	0	0	A brown horse standing next to a fence.	A long thin piece of the horse's tail can be seen under the first railing.
0	0	0	A brown horse standing next to a fence.	The tall metal pole is on the far left side of the picture. 
0	0	0	A brown horse standing next to a fence.	The trailer in the back is fully visible.
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a blue wall.	a blurrier light blue space takes up most of the screen to the left of the person in the center
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a blue wall.	A picture of a man with a dark blue background.  He is looking off slightly to the right side of the picture with his eyes mostly closed. 
0	0	0	A man standing in front of a blue wall.	A picture of a man looking straight down with his eyes closed. 
0	0	0	Two people are making sandwiches on a plate.	There is no image overlay at all.  The person has just about put the slice of bread on the yellow plate. 
0	0	0	A person holding a plate of sandwiches on top of a counter.	There is slight image overlay.  The person has placed the bread on top of the yellow plate. 
0	0	0	A person is making sandwiches in a kitchen.	Fade of two images, the woman's hand is still more in focus but it looks like there is a red strip going across her top two fingers.
0	0	0	A woman standing next to a cow in the street.	The woman on the left has her right hand on the back of the goat while the left hand is hidden behind the goat. 
0	0	0	A picture of a racquet ball bouncing on a grass field.	You can't see any of the person in red's body.  You can still see a tiny portion of the yellow mat in the upper right hand corner of the image. 
0	0	0	A row of stairs that are falling off the ground.	Two hurdles are visible. The one on the left is not cut off. The one on the right is about half cut off by the right edge.
0	0	0	A man standing next to a woman in a dress.	The man is looking down at the female dancer while she is smiling to the right with her left hand up in the air. 
